Phm 1:1 Paul, a prisoner for Christ Jesus, and Timothy our brother, To Philemon our beloved fellow worker
Phm 1:2 and Apphia our sister and Archippus our fellow soldier, and the church in your house:
Phm 1:3 Grace to you and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Phm 1:4 I thank my God always when I remember you in my prayers,
Phm 1:5 because I hear of your love and of the faith that you have toward the Lord Jesus and all the saints,
Phm 1:6 and I pray that the sharing of your faith may become effective for the full knowledge of every good
thing that is in us for the sake of Christ.
Phm 1:7 For I have derived much joy and comfort from your love, my brother, because the hearts of the saints
have been refreshed through you.
Phm 1:8 Accordingly, though I am bold enough in Christ to command you to do what is required,
Phm 1:9 yet for love's sake I prefer to appeal to you- I, Paul, an old man and now a prisoner also for Christ
JesusPhm 1:10 I appeal to you for my child, Onesimus, whose father I became in my imprisonment.
Phm 1:11 (Formerly he was useless to you, but now he is indeed useful to you and to me.)
Phm 1:12 I am sending him back to you, sending my very heart.
Phm 1:13 I would have been glad to keep him with me, in order that he might serve me on your behalf during
my imprisonment for the gospel,
Phm 1:14 but I preferred to do nothing without your consent in order that your goodness might not be by
compulsion but of your own free will.
Phm 1:15 For this perhaps is why he was parted from you for a while, that you might have him back forever,
Phm 1:16 no longer as a slave but more than a slave, as a beloved brother- especially to me, but how much
more to you, both in the flesh and in the Lord.
Phm 1:17 So if you consider me your partner, receive him as you would receive me.
Phm 1:18 If he has wronged you at all, or owes you anything, charge that to my account.
Phm 1:19 I, Paul, write this with my own hand: I will repay it- to say nothing of your owing me even your own
self.
Phm 1:20 Yes, brother, I want some benefit from you in the Lord. Refresh my heart in Christ.
Phm 1:21 Confident of your obedience, I write to you, knowing that you will do even more than I say.
Phm 1:22 At the same time, prepare a guest room for me, for I am hoping that through your prayers I will be
graciously given to you.
Phm 1:23 Epaphras, my fellow prisoner in Christ Jesus, sends greetings to you,
Phm 1:24 and so do Mark, Aristarchus, Demas, and Luke, my fellow workers.
Phm 1:25 The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit.