Psa 1:1 Blessed is the manwho walks not in the counsel of the wicked, nor stands in the way of sinners, nor sits
in the seat of scoffers;
Psa 1:2 but his delight is in the law of the LORD, and on his law he meditates day and night.
Psa 1:3 He is like a tree planted by streams of water that yields its fruit in its season, and its leaf does not
wither. In all that he does, he prospers.
Psa 1:4 The wicked are not so, but are like chaff that the wind drives away.
Psa 1:5 Therefore the wicked will not stand in the judgment, nor sinners in the congregation of the righteous;
Psa 1:6 for the LORD knows the way of the righteous, but the way of the wicked will perish.
Psa 2:1 Why do the nations rageand the peoples plot in vain?
Psa 2:2 The kings of the earth set themselves, and the rulers take counsel together, against the LORD and
against his anointed, saying,
Psa 2:3 "Let us burst their bonds apart and cast away their cords from us."
Psa 2:4 He who sits in the heavens laughs; the Lord holds them in derision.
Psa 2:5 Then he will speak to them in his wrath, and terrify them in his fury, saying,
Psa 2:6 "As for me, I have set my King on Zion, my holy hill."
Psa 2:7 I will tell of the decree: The LORD said to me, "You are my Son; today I have begotten you.
Psa 2:8 Ask of me, and I will make the nations your heritage, and the ends of the earth your possession.
Psa 2:9 You shall break them with a rod of iron and dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel."
Psa 2:10 Now therefore, O kings, be wise; be warned, O rulers of the earth.
Psa 2:11 Serve the LORD with fear, and rejoice with trembling.
Psa 2:12 Kiss the Son, lest he be angry, and you perish in the way, for his wrath is quickly kindled. Blessed are
all who take refuge in him.
Psa 3:1 A PSALM OF DAVID, WHEN HE FLED FROM ABSALOM HIS SON. O LORD, how many are my foes!
Many are rising against me;
Psa 3:2 many are saying of my soul, there is no salvation for him in God. Selah
Psa 3:3 But you, O LORD, are a shield about me, my glory, and the lifter of my head.
Psa 3:4 I cried aloud to the LORD, and he answered me from his holy hill. Selah
Psa 3:5 I lay down and slept; I woke again, for the LORD sustained me.Psa 3:6 I will not be afraid of many thousands of people who have set themselves against me all around.
Psa 3:7 Arise, O LORD! Save me, O my God! For you strike all my enemies on the cheek; you break the teeth
of the wicked.
Psa 3:8 Salvation belongs to the LORD; your blessing be on your people! Selah
Psa 4:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: WITH STRINGED INSTRUMENTS. A PSALM OF DAVID. Answer me when
I call, O God of my righteousness! You have given me relief when I was in distress. Be gracious to me and hear
my prayer!
Psa 4:2 O men, how long shall my honor be turned into shame? How long will you love vain words and seek
after lies? Selah
Psa 4:3 But know that the LORD has set apart the godly for himself; the LORD hears when I call to him.
Psa 4:4 Be angry, and do not sin; ponder in your own hearts on your beds, and be silent. Selah
Psa 4:5 Offer right sacrifices, and put your trust in the LORD.
Psa 4:6 There are many who say, "Who will show us some good? Lift up the light of your face upon us, O
LORD!"
Psa 4:7 You have put more joy in my heart than they have when their grain and wine abound.
Psa 4:8 In peace I will both lie down and sleep; for you alone, O LORD, make me dwell in safety.
Psa 5:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: FOR THE FLUTES. A PSALM OF DAVID. Give ear to my words, O LORD;
consider my groaning.
Psa 5:2 Give attention to the sound of my cry, my King and my God, for to you do I pray.
Psa 5:3 O LORD, in the morning you hear my voice; in the morning I prepare a sacrifice for you and watch.
Psa 5:4 For you are not a God who delights in wickedness; evil may not dwell with you.
Psa 5:5 The boastful shall not stand before your eyes; you hate all evildoers.
Psa 5:6 You destroy those who speak lies; the LORD abhors the bloodthirsty and deceitful man.
Psa 5:7 But I, through the abundance of your steadfast love, will enter your house. I will bow down toward your
holy temple in the fear of you.
Psa 5:8 Lead me, O LORD, in your righteousness because of my enemies; make your way straight before me.
Psa 5:9 For there is no truth in their mouth; their inmost self is destruction; their throat is an open grave; they
flatter with their tongue.
Psa 5:10 Make them bear their guilt, O God; let them fall by their own counsels; because of the abundance of
their transgressions cast them out, for they have rebelled against you.
Psa 5:11 But let all who take refuge in you rejoice; let them ever sing for joy, and spread your protection over
them, that those who love your name may exult in you.
Psa 5:12 For you bless the righteous, O LORD; you cover him with favor as with a shield.
Psa 6:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: WITH STRINGED INSTRUMENTS; ACCORDING TO THE SHEMINITH. A
PSALM OF DAVID. O LORD, rebuke me not in your anger, nor discipline me in your wrath.
Psa 6:2 Be gracious to me, O LORD, for I am languishing; heal me, O LORD, for my bones are troubled.
Psa 6:3 My soul also is greatly troubled. But you, O LORD- how long?
Psa 6:4 Turn, O LORD, deliver my life; save me for the sake of your steadfast love.
Psa 6:5 For in death there is no remembrance of you; in Sheol who will give you praise?
Psa 6:6 I am weary with my moaning; every night I flood my bed with tears; I drench my couch with my weeping.
Psa 6:7 My eye wastes away because of grief; it grows weak because of all my foes.
Psa 6:8 Depart from me, all you workers of evil, for the LORD has heard the sound of my weeping.
Psa 6:9 The LORD has heard my plea; the LORD accepts my prayer.
Psa 6:10 All my enemies shall be ashamed and greatly troubled; they shall turn back and be put to shame in a
moment.
Psa 7:1 A SHIGGAION OF DAVID, WHICH HE SANG TO THE LORD CONCERNING THE WORDS OF CUSH,
A BENJAMINITE. O LORD my God, in you do I take refuge; save me from all my pursuers and deliver me,
Psa 7:2 lest like a lion they tear my soul apart, rending it in pieces, with none to deliver.
Psa 7:3 O LORD my God, if I have done this, if there is wrong in my hands,
Psa 7:4 if I have repaid my friend with evil or plundered my enemy without cause,
Psa 7:5 let the enemy pursue my soul and overtake it, and let him trample my life to the ground and lay my glory
in the dust. Selah
Psa 7:6 Arise, O LORD, in your anger; lift yourself up against the fury of my enemies; awake for me; you have
appointed a judgment.
Psa 7:7 Let the assembly of the peoples be gathered about you; over it return on high.
Psa 7:8 The LORD judges the peoples; judge me, O LORD, according to my righteousness and according to
the integrity that is in me.
Psa 7:9 Oh, let the evil of the wicked come to an end, and may you establish the righteous- you who test the
minds and hearts, O righteous God!Psa 7:10 My shield is with God, who saves the upright in heart.
Psa 7:11 God is a righteous judge, and a God who feels indignation every day.
Psa 7:12 If a man does not repent, God will whet his sword; he has bent and readied his bow;
Psa 7:13 he has prepared for him his deadly weapons, making his arrows fiery shafts.
Psa 7:14 Behold, the wicked man conceives evil and is pregnant with mischief and gives birth to lies.
Psa 7:15 He makes a pit, digging it out, and falls into the hole that he has made.
Psa 7:16 His mischief returns upon his own head, and on his own skull his violence descends.
Psa 7:17 I will give to the LORD the thanks due to his righteousness, and I will sing praise to the name of the
LORD, the Most High.
Psa 8:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: ACCORDING TO THE GITTITH. A PSALM OF DAVID. O LORD, our Lord,
how majestic is your name in all the earth! You have set your glory above the heavens.
Psa 8:2 Out of the mouth of babes and infants, you have established strength because of your foes, to still the
enemy and the avenger.
Psa 8:3 When I look at your heavens, the work of your fingers, the moon and the stars, which you have set in
place,
Psa 8:4 what is man that you are mindful of him, and the son of man that you care for him?
Psa 8:5 Yet you have made him a little lower than the heavenly beings and crowned him with glory and honor.
Psa 8:6 You have given him dominion over the works of your hands; you have put all things under his feet,
Psa 8:7 all sheep and oxen, and also the beasts of the field,
Psa 8:8 the birds of the heavens, and the fish of the sea, whatever passes along the paths of the seas.
Psa 8:9 O LORD, our Lord, how majestic is your name in all the earth!
Psa 9:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: ACCORDING TO MUTH-LABBEN. A PSALM OF DAVID. I will give thanks
to the LORD with my whole heart; I will recount all of your wonderful deeds.
Psa 9:2 I will be glad and exult in you; I will sing praise to your name, O Most High.
Psa 9:3 When my enemies turn back, they stumble and perish before your presence.
Psa 9:4 For you have maintained my just cause; you have sat on the throne, giving righteous judgment.
Psa 9:5 You have rebuked the nations; you have made the wicked perish; you have blotted out their name
forever and ever.
Psa 9:6 The enemy came to an end in everlasting ruins; their cities you rooted out; the very memory of them
has perished.
Psa 9:7 But the LORD sits enthroned forever; he has established his throne for justice,
Psa 9:8 and he judges the world with righteousness; he judges the peoples with uprightness.
Psa 9:9 The LORD is a stronghold for the oppressed, a stronghold in times of trouble.
Psa 9:10 And those who know your name put their trust in you, for you, O LORD, have not forsaken those who
seek you.
Psa 9:11 Sing praises to the LORD, who sits enthroned in Zion! Tell among the peoples his deeds!
Psa 9:12 For he who avenges blood is mindful of them; he does not forget the cry of the afflicted.
Psa 9:13 Be gracious to me, O LORD! See my affliction from those who hate me, O you who lift me up from the
gates of death,
Psa 9:14 that I may recount all your praises, that in the gates of the daughter of Zion I may rejoice in your
salvation.
Psa 9:15 The nations have sunk in the pit that they made; in the net that they hid their own foot has been
caught.
Psa 9:16 The LORD has made himself known; he has executed judgment; the wicked are snared in the work of
their own hands. Higgaion. Selah
Psa 9:17 The wicked shall return to Sheol, all the nations that forget God.
Psa 9:18 For the needy shall not always be forgotten, and the hope of the poor shall not perish forever.
Psa 9:19 Arise, O LORD! Let not man prevail; let the nations be judged before you!
Psa 9:20 Put them in fear, O LORD! Let the nations know that they are but men! Selah
Psa 10:1 Why, O LORD, do you stand afar off? Why do you hide yourself in times of trouble?
Psa 10:2 In arrogance the wicked hotly pursue the poor; let them be caught in the schemes that they have
devised.
Psa 10:3 For the wicked boasts of the desires of his soul, and the one greedy for gain curses and renounces the
LORD.
Psa 10:4 In the pride of his face the wicked does not seek him; all his thoughts are, "There is no God."
Psa 10:5 His ways prosper at all times; your judgments are on high, out of his sight; as for all his foes, he puffs
at them.
Psa 10:6 He says in his heart, "I shall not be moved; throughout all generations I shall not meet adversity."
Psa 10:7 His mouth is filled with cursing and deceit and oppression; under his tongue are mischief and iniquity.Psa 10:8 He sits in ambush in the villages; in hiding places he murders the innocent. His eyes stealthily watch
for the helpless;
Psa 10:9 he lurks in ambush like a lion in his thicket; he lurks that he may seize the poor; he seizes the poor
when he draws him into his net.
Psa 10:10 The helpless are crushed, sink down, and fall by his might.
Psa 10:11 He says in his heart, "God has forgotten, he has hidden his face, he will never see it."
Psa 10:12 Arise, O LORD; O God, lift up your hand; forget not the afflicted.
Psa 10:13 Why does the wicked renounce God and say in his heart, "You will not call to account"?
Psa 10:14 But you do see, for you note mischief and vexation, that you may take it into your hands; to you the
helpless commits himself; you have been the helper of the fatherless.
Psa 10:15 Break the arm of the wicked and evildoer; call his wickedness to account till you find none.
Psa 10:16 The LORD is king forever and ever; the nations perish from his land.
Psa 10:17 O LORD, you hear the desire of the afflicted; you will strengthen their heart; you will incline your ear
Psa 10:18 to do justice to the fatherless and the oppressed, so that man who is of the earth may strike terror no
more.
Psa 11:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. OF DAVID.In the LORD I take refuge; how can you say to my soul, "Flee
like a bird to your mountain,
Psa 11:2 for behold, the wicked bend the bow; they have fitted their arrow to the string to shoot in the dark at
the upright in heart;
Psa 11:3 if the foundations are destroyed, what can the righteous do?"
Psa 11:4 The LORD is in his holy temple; the LORD's throne is in heaven; his eyes see, his eyelids test, the
children of man.
Psa 11:5 The LORD tests the righteous, but his soul hates the wicked and the one who loves violence.
Psa 11:6 Let him rain coals on the wicked; fire and sulfur and a scorching wind shall be the portion of their cup.
Psa 11:7 For the LORD is righteous; he loves righteous deeds; the upright shall behold his face.
Psa 12:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: ACCORDING TO THE SHEMINITH. A PSALM OF DAVID. Save, O LORD,
for the godly one is gone; for the faithful have vanished from among the children of man.
Psa 12:2 Everyone utters lies to his neighbor; with flattering lips and a double heart they speak.
Psa 12:3 May the LORD cut off all flattering lips, the tongue that makes great boasts,
Psa 12:4 those who say, "With our tongue we will prevail, our lips are with us; who is master over us?"
Psa 12:5 "Because the poor are plundered, because the needy groan, I will now arise," says the LORD; "I will
place him in the safety for which he longs."
Psa 12:6 The words of the LORD are pure words, like silver refined in a furnace on the ground, purified seven
times.
Psa 12:7 You, O LORD, will keep them; you will guard us from this generation forever.
Psa 12:8 On every side the wicked prowl, as vileness is exalted among the children of man.
Psa 13:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. A PSALM OF DAVID. How long, O LORD? Will you forget me forever?
How long will you hide your face from me?
Psa 13:2 How long must I take counsel in my soul and have sorrow in my heart all the day? How long shall my
enemy be exalted over me?
Psa 13:3 Consider and answer me, O LORD my God; light up my eyes, lest I sleep the sleep of death,
Psa 13:4 lest my enemy say, "I have prevailed over him," lest my foes rejoice because I am shaken.
Psa 13:5 But I have trusted in your steadfast love; my heart shall rejoice in your salvation.
Psa 13:6 I will sing to the LORD, because he has dealt bountifully with me.
Psa 14:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. OF DAVID. The fool says in his heart, "There is no God." They are corrupt,
they do abominable deeds, there is none who does good.
Psa 14:2 The LORD looks down from heaven on the children of man, to see if there are any who understand,
who seek after God.
Psa 14:3 They have all turned aside; together they have become corrupt; there is none who does good, not
even one.
Psa 14:4 Have they no knowledge, all the evildoers who eat up my people as they eat bread and do not call
upon the LORD?
Psa 14:5 There they are in great terror, for God is with the generation of the righteous.
Psa 14:6 You would shame the plans of the poor, but the LORD is his refuge.
Psa 14:7 Oh, that salvation for Israel would come out of Zion! When the LORD restores the fortunes of his
people, let Jacob rejoice, let Israel be glad.
Psa 15:1 A PSALM OF DAVID.O LORD, who shall sojourn in your tent? Who shall dwell on your holy hill?
Psa 15:2 He who walks blamelessly and does what is right and speaks truth in his heart;
Psa 15:3 who does not slander with his tongue and does no evil to his neighbor, nor takes up a reproachagainst his friend;
Psa 15:4 in whose eyes a vile person is despised, but who honors those who fear the LORD; who swears to his
own hurt and does not change;
Psa 15:5 who does not put out his money at interest and does not take a bribe against the innocent. He who
does these things shall never be moved.
Psa 16:1 A MIKTAM OF DAVID.Preserve me, O God, for in you I take refuge.
Psa 16:2 I say to the LORD, "You are my Lord; I have no good apart from you."
Psa 16:3 As for the saints in the land, they are the excellent ones, in whom is all my delight.
Psa 16:4 The sorrows of those who run after another god shall multiply; their drink offerings of blood I will not
pour out or take their names on my lips.
Psa 16:5 The LORD is my chosen portion and my cup; you hold my lot.
Psa 16:6 The lines have fallen for me in pleasant places; indeed, I have a beautiful inheritance.
Psa 16:7 I bless the LORD who gives me counsel; in the night also my heart instructs me.
Psa 16:8 I have set the LORD always before me; because he is at my right hand, I shall not be shaken.
Psa 16:9 Therefore my heart is glad, and my whole being rejoices; my flesh also dwells secure.
Psa 16:10 For you will not abandon my soul to Sheol, or let your holy one see corruption.
Psa 16:11 You make known to me the path of life; in your presence there is fullness of joy; at your right hand
are pleasures forevermore.
Psa 17:1 A PRAYER OF DAVID.Hear a just cause, O LORD; attend to my cry! Give ear to my prayer from lips
free of deceit!
Psa 17:2 From your presence let my vindication come! Let your eyes behold the right!
Psa 17:3 You have tried my heart, you have visited me by night, you have tested me, and you will find nothing; I
have purposed that my mouth will not transgress.
Psa 17:4 With regard to the works of man, by the word of your lips I have avoided the ways of the violent.
Psa 17:5 My steps have held fast to your paths; my feet have not slipped.
Psa 17:6 I call upon you, for you will answer me, O God; incline your ear to me; hear my words.
Psa 17:7 Wondrously show your steadfast love, O Savior of those who seek refuge from their adversaries at
your right hand.
Psa 17:8 Keep me as the apple of your eye; hide me in the shadow of your wings,
Psa 17:9 from the wicked who do me violence, my deadly enemies who surround me.
Psa 17:10 They close their hearts to pity; with their mouths they speak arrogantly.
Psa 17:11 They have now surrounded our steps; they set their eyes to cast us to the ground.
Psa 17:12 He is like a lion eager to tear, as a young lion lurking in ambush.
Psa 17:13 Arise, O LORD! Confront him, subdue him! Deliver my soul from the wicked by your sword,
Psa 17:14 from men by your hand, O LORD, from men of the world whose portion is in this life. You fill their
womb with treasure; they are satisfied with children, and they leave their abundance to their infants.
Psa 17:15 As for me, I shall behold your face in righteousness; when I awake, I shall be satisfied with your
likeness.
Psa 18:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. A PSALM OF DAVID, THE SERVANT OF THE LORD, WHO ADDRESSED
THE WORDS OF THIS SONG TO THE LORD ON THE DAY WHEN THE LORD RESCUED HIM FROM THE
HAND OF ALL HIS ENEMIES, AND FROM THE HAND OF SAUL. HE SAID: I love you, O LORD, my strength.
Psa 18:2 The LORD is my rock and my fortress and my deliverer, my God, my rock, in whom I take refuge, my
shield, and the horn of my salvation, my stronghold.
Psa 18:3 I call upon the LORD, who is worthy to be praised, and I am saved from my enemies.
Psa 18:4 The cords of death encompassed me; the torrents of destruction assailed me;
Psa 18:5 the cords of Sheol entangled me; the snares of death confronted me.
Psa 18:6 In my distress I called upon the LORD; to my God I cried for help. From his temple he heard my voice,
and my cry to him reached his ears.
Psa 18:7 Then the earth reeled and rocked; the foundations also of the mountains trembled and quaked,
because he was angry.
Psa 18:8 Smoke went up from his nostrils, and devouring fire from his mouth; glowing coals flamed forth from
him.
Psa 18:9 He bowed the heavens and came down; thick darkness was under his feet.
Psa 18:10 He rode on a cherub and flew; he came swiftly on the wings of the wind.
Psa 18:11 He made darkness his covering, his canopy around him, thick clouds dark with water.
Psa 18:12 Out of the brightness before him hailstones and coals of fire broke through his clouds.
Psa 18:13 The LORD also thundered in the heavens, and the Most High uttered his voice, hailstones and coals
of fire.
Psa 18:14 And he sent out his arrows and scattered them; he flashed forth lightnings and routed them.Psa 18:15 Then the channels of the sea were seen, and the foundations of the world were laid bare at your
rebuke, O LORD, at the blast of the breath of your nostrils.
Psa 18:16 He sent from on high, he took me; he drew me out of many waters.
Psa 18:17 He rescued me from my strong enemy and from those who hated me, for they were too mighty for
me.
Psa 18:18 They confronted me in the day of my calamity, but the LORD was my support.
Psa 18:19 He brought me out into a broad place; he rescued me, because he delighted in me.
Psa 18:20 The LORD dealt with me according to my righteousness; according to the cleanness of my hands he
rewarded me.
Psa 18:21 For I have kept the ways of the LORD, and have not wickedly departed from my God.
Psa 18:22 For all his rules were before me, and his statutes I did not put away from me.
Psa 18:23 I was blameless before him, and I kept myself from my guilt.
Psa 18:24 So the LORD has rewarded me according to my righteousness, according to the cleanness of my
hands in his sight.
Psa 18:25 With the merciful you show yourself merciful; with the blameless man you show yourself blameless;
Psa 18:26 with the purified you show yourself pure; and with the crooked you make yourself seem tortuous.
Psa 18:27 For you save a humble people, but the haughty eyes you bring down.
Psa 18:28 For it is you who light my lamp; the LORD my God lightens my darkness.
Psa 18:29 For by you I can run against a troop, and by my God I can leap over a wall.
Psa 18:30 This God- his way is perfect; the word of the LORD proves true; he is a shield for all those who take
refuge in him.
Psa 18:31 For who is God, but the LORD? And who is a rock, except our God?-
Psa 18:32 the God who equipped me with strength and made my way blameless.
Psa 18:33 He made my feet like the feet of a deer and set me secure on the heights.
Psa 18:34 He trains my hands for war, so that my arms can bend a bow of bronze.
Psa 18:35 You have given me the shield of your salvation, and your right hand supported me, and your
gentleness made me great.
Psa 18:36 You gave a wide place for my steps under me, and my feet did not slip.
Psa 18:37 I pursued my enemies and overtook them, and did not turn back till they were consumed.
Psa 18:38 I thrust them through, so that they were not able to rise; they fell under my feet.
Psa 18:39 For you equipped me with strength for the battle; you made those who rise against me sink under
me.
Psa 18:40 You made my enemies turn their backs to me, and those who hated me I destroyed.
Psa 18:41 They cried for help, but there was none to save; they cried to the LORD, but he did not answer them.
Psa 18:42 I beat them fine as dust before the wind; I cast them out like the mire of the streets.
Psa 18:43 You delivered me from strife with the people; you made me the head of the nations; people whom I
had not known served me.
Psa 18:44 As soon as they heard of me they obeyed me; foreigners came cringing to me.
Psa 18:45 Foreigners lost heart and came trembling out of their fortresses.
Psa 18:46 The LORD lives, and blessed be my rock, and exalted be the God of my salvationPsa 18:47 the God who gave me vengeance and subdued peoples under me,
Psa 18:48 who delivered me from my enemies; yes, you exalted me above those who rose against me; you
rescued me from the man of violence.
Psa 18:49 For this I will praise you, O LORD, among the nations, and sing to your name.
Psa 18:50 Great salvation he brings to his king, and shows steadfast love to his anointed, to David and his
offspring forever.
Psa 19:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. A PSALM OF DAVID. The heavens declare the glory of God, and the sky
above proclaims his handiwork.
Psa 19:2 Day to day pours out speech, and night to night reveals knowledge.
Psa 19:3 There is no speech, nor are there words, whose voice is not heard.
Psa 19:4 Their measuring line goes out through all the earth, and their words to the end of the world. In them he
has set a tent for the sun,
Psa 19:5 which comes out like a bridegroom leaving his chamber, and, like a strong man, runs its course with
joy.
Psa 19:6 Its rising is from the end of the heavens, and its circuit to the end of them, and there is nothing hidden
from its heat.
Psa 19:7 The law of the LORD is perfect, reviving the soul; the testimony of the LORD is sure, making wise the
simple;
Psa 19:8 the precepts of the LORD are right, rejoicing the heart; the commandment of the LORD is pure,enlightening the eyes;
Psa 19:9 the fear of the LORD is clean, enduring forever; the rules of the LORD are true, and righteous
altogether.
Psa 19:10 More to be desired are they than gold, even much fine gold; sweeter also than honey and drippings
of the honeycomb.
Psa 19:11 Moreover, by them is your servant warned; in keeping them there is great reward.
Psa 19:12 Who can discern his errors? Declare me innocent from hidden faults.
Psa 19:13 Keep back your servant also from presumptuous sins; let them not have dominion over me! Then I
shall be blameless, and innocent of great transgression.
Psa 19:14 Let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in your sight, O LORD, my
rock and my redeemer.
Psa 20:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. A PSALM OF DAVID. May the LORD answer you in the day of trouble! May
the name of the God of Jacob protect you!
Psa 20:2 May he send you help from the sanctuary and give you support from Zion!
Psa 20:3 May he remember all your offerings and regard with favor your burnt sacrifices! Selah
Psa 20:4 May he grant you your heart's desire and fulfill all your plans!
Psa 20:5 May we shout for joy over your salvation, and in the name of our God set up our banners! May the
LORD fulfill all your petitions!
Psa 20:6 Now I know that the LORD saves his anointed; he will answer him from his holy heaven with the
saving might of his right hand.
Psa 20:7 Some trust in chariots and some in horses, but we trust in the name of the LORD our God.
Psa 20:8 They collapse and fall, but we rise and stand upright.
Psa 20:9 O LORD, save the king! May he answer us when we call.
Psa 21:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. A PSALM OF DAVID. O LORD, in your strength the king rejoices, and in
your salvation how greatly he exults!
Psa 21:2 You have given him his heart's desire and have not withheld the request of his lips. Selah
Psa 21:3 For you meet him with rich blessings; you set a crown of fine gold upon his head.
Psa 21:4 He asked life of you; you gave it to him, length of days forever and ever.
Psa 21:5 His glory is great through your salvation; splendor and majesty you bestow on him.
Psa 21:6 For you make him most blessed forever; you make him glad with the joy of your presence.
Psa 21:7 For the king trusts in the LORD, and through the steadfast love of the Most High he shall not be
moved.
Psa 21:8 Your hand will find out all your enemies; your right hand will find out those who hate you.
Psa 21:9 You will make them as a blazing oven when you appear. The LORD will swallow them up in his wrath,
and fire will consume them.
Psa 21:10 You will destroy their descendants from the earth, and their offspring from among the children of
man.
Psa 21:11 Though they plan evil against you, though they devise mischief, they will not succeed.
Psa 21:12 For you will put them to flight; you will aim at their faces with your bows.
Psa 21:13 Be exalted, O LORD, in your strength! We will sing and praise your power.
Psa 22:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: ACCORDING TO THE DOE OF THE DAWN. A PSALM OF DAVID. My
God, my God, why have you forsaken me? Why are you so far from saving me, from the words of my groaning?
Psa 22:2 O my God, I cry by day, but you do not answer, and by night, but I find no rest.
Psa 22:3 Yet you are holy, enthroned on the praises of Israel.
Psa 22:4 In you our fathers trusted; they trusted, and you delivered them.
Psa 22:5 To you they cried and were rescued; in you they trusted and were not put to shame.
Psa 22:6 But I am a worm and not a man, scorned by mankind and despised by the people.
Psa 22:7 All who see me mock me; they make mouths at me; they wag their heads;
Psa 22:8 "He trusts in the LORD; let him deliver him; let him rescue him, for he delights in him!"
Psa 22:9 Yet you are he who took me from the womb; you made me trust you at my mother's breasts.
Psa 22:10 On you was I cast from my birth, and from my mother's womb you have been my God.
Psa 22:11 Be not far from me, for trouble is near, and there is none to help.
Psa 22:12 Many bulls encompass me; strong bulls of Bashan surround me;
Psa 22:13 they open wide their mouths at me, like a ravening and roaring lion.
Psa 22:14 I am poured out like water, and all my bones are out of joint; my heart is like wax; it is melted within
my breast;
Psa 22:15 my strength is dried up like a potsherd, and my tongue sticks to my jaws; you lay me in the dust of
death.
Psa 22:16 For dogs encompass me; a company of evildoers encircles me; they have pierced my hands andfeetPsa 22:17 I can count all my bones- they stare and gloat over me;
Psa 22:18 they divide my garments among them, and for my clothing they cast lots.
Psa 22:19 But you, O LORD, do not be far off! O you my help, come quickly to my aid!
Psa 22:20 Deliver my soul from the sword, my precious life from the power of the dog!
Psa 22:21 Save me from the mouth of the lion! You have rescued me from the horns of the wild oxen!
Psa 22:22 I will tell of your name to my brothers; in the midst of the congregation I will praise you:
Psa 22:23 You who fear the LORD, praise him! All you offspring of Jacob, glorify him, and stand in awe of him,
all you offspring of Israel!
Psa 22:24 For he has not despised or abhorred the affliction of the afflicted, and he has not hidden his face from
him, but has heard, when he cried to him.
Psa 22:25 From you comes my praise in the great congregation; my vows I will perform before those who fear
him.
Psa 22:26 The afflicted shall eat and be satisfied; those who seek him shall praise the LORD! May your hearts
live forever!
Psa 22:27 All the ends of the earth shall remember and turn to the LORD, and all the families of the nations
shall worship before you.
Psa 22:28 For kingship belongs to the LORD, and he rules over the nations.
Psa 22:29 All the prosperous of the earth eat and worship; before him shall bow all who go down to the dust,
even the one who could not keep himself alive.
Psa 22:30 Posterity shall serve him; it shall be told of the Lord to the coming generation;
Psa 22:31 they shall come and proclaim his righteousness to a people yet unborn, that he has done it.
Psa 23:1 A PSALM OF DAVID.The LORD is my shepherd; I shall not want.
Psa 23:2 He makes me lie down in green pastures. He leads me beside still waters.
Psa 23:3 He restores my soul. He leads me in paths of righteousness for his name's sake.
Psa 23:4 Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for you are with me;
your rod and your staff, they comfort me.
Psa 23:5 You prepare a table before me in the presence of my enemies; you anoint my head with oil; my cup
overflows.
Psa 23:6 Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me e all the days of my life, and I shall dwell in the house of
the LORD forever.
Psa 24:1 A PSALM OF DAVID. The earth is the LORD's and the fullness thereof, the world and those who dwell
therein,
Psa 24:2 for he has founded it upon the seas and established it upon the rivers.
Psa 24:3 Who shall ascend the hill of the LORD? And who shall stand in his holy place?
Psa 24:4 He who has clean hands and a pure heart, who does not lift up his soul to what is false and does not
swear deceitfully.
Psa 24:5 He will receive blessing from the LORD and righteousness from the God of his salvation.
Psa 24:6 Such is the generation of those who seek him, who seek the face of the God of Jacob. Selah
Psa 24:7 Lift up your heads, O gates! And be lifted up, O ancient doors, that the King of glory may come in.
Psa 24:8 Who is this King of glory? The LORD, strong and mighty, the LORD, mighty in battle!
Psa 24:9 Lift up your heads, O gates! And lift them up, O ancient doors, that the King of glory may come in.
Psa 24:10 Who is this King of glory? The LORD of hosts, he is the King of glory! Selah
Psa 25:1 OF DAVID.To you, O LORD, I lift up my soul.
Psa 25:2 O my God, in you I trust; let me not be put to shame; let not my enemies exult over me.
Psa 25:3 Indeed, none who wait for you shall be put to shame; they shall be ashamed who are wantonly
treacherous.
Psa 25:4 Make me to know your ways, O LORD; teach me your paths.
Psa 25:5 Lead me in your truth and teach me, for you are the God of my salvation; for you I wait all the day
long.
Psa 25:6 Remember your mercy, O LORD, and your steadfast love, for they have been from of old.
Psa 25:7 Remember not the sins of my youth or my transgressions; according to your steadfast love remember
me, for the sake of your goodness, O LORD!
Psa 25:8 Good and upright is the LORD; therefore he instructs sinners in the way.
Psa 25:9 He leads the humble in what is right, and teaches the humble his way.
Psa 25:10 All the paths of the LORD are steadfast love and faithfulness, for those who keep his covenant and
his testimonies.
Psa 25:11 For your name's sake, O LORD, pardon my guilt, for it is great.
Psa 25:12 Who is the man who fears the LORD? Him will he instruct in the way that he should choose.Psa 25:13 His soul shall abide in well-being, and his offspring shall inherit the land.
Psa 25:14 The friendship of the LORD is for those who fear him, and he makes known to them his covenant.
Psa 25:15 My eyes are ever toward the LORD, for he will pluck my feet out of the net.
Psa 25:16 Turn to me and be gracious to me, for I am lonely and afflicted.
Psa 25:17 The troubles of my heart are enlarged; bring me out of my distresses.
Psa 25:18 Consider my affliction and my trouble, and forgive all my sins.
Psa 25:19 Consider how many are my foes, and with what violent hatred they hate me.
Psa 25:20 Oh, guard my soul, and deliver me! Let me not be put to shame, for I take refuge in you.
Psa 25:21 May integrity and uprightness preserve me, for I wait for you.
Psa 25:22 Redeem Israel, O God, out of all his troubles.
Psa 26:1 OF DAVID. Vindicate me, O LORD, for I have walked in my integrity, and I have trusted in the LORD
without wavering.
Psa 26:2 Prove me, O LORD, and try me; test my heart and my mind.
Psa 26:3 For your steadfast love is before my eyes, and I walk in your faithfulness.
Psa 26:4 I do not sit with men of falsehood, nor do I consort with hypocrites.
Psa 26:5 I hate the assembly of evildoers, and I will not sit with the wicked.
Psa 26:6 I wash my hands in innocence and go around your altar, O LORD,
Psa 26:7 proclaiming thanksgiving aloud, and telling all your wondrous deeds.
Psa 26:8 O LORD, I love the habitation of your house and the place where your glory dwells.
Psa 26:9 Do not sweep my soul away with sinners, nor my life with bloodthirsty men,
Psa 26:10 in whose hands are evil devices, and whose right hands are full of bribes.
Psa 26:11 But as for me, I shall walk in my integrity; redeem me, and be gracious to me.
Psa 26:12 My foot stands on level ground; in the great assembly I will bless the LORD.
Psa 27:1 OF DAVID.The LORD is my light and my salvation; whom shall I fear? The LORD is the stronghold of
my life; of whom shall I be afraid?
Psa 27:2 When evildoers assail me to eat up my flesh, my adversaries and foes, it is they who stumble and fall.
Psa 27:3 Though an army encamp against me, my heart shall not fear; though war arise against me, yet I will be
confident.
Psa 27:4 One thing have I asked of the LORD, that will I seek after: that I may dwell in the house of the LORD
all the days of my life, to gaze upon the beauty of the LORD and to inquire in his temple.
Psa 27:5 For he will hide me in his shelter in the day of trouble; he will conceal me under the cover of his tent;
he will lift me high upon a rock.
Psa 27:6 And now my head shall be lifted up above my enemies all around me, and I will offer in his tent
sacrifices with shouts of joy; I will sing and make melody to the LORD.
Psa 27:7 Hear, O LORD, when I cry aloud; be gracious to me and answer me!
Psa 27:8 You have said, "Seek my face." My heart says to you, "Your face, LORD, do I seek."
Psa 27:9 Hide not your face from me. Turn not your servant away in anger, O you who have been my help. Cast
me not off; forsake me not, O God of my salvation!
Psa 27:10 For my father and my mother have forsaken me, but the LORD will take me in.
Psa 27:11 Teach me your way, O LORD, and lead me on a level path because of my enemies.
Psa 27:12 Give me not up to the will of my adversaries; for false witnesses have risen against me, and they
breathe out violence.
Psa 27:13 I believe that I shall look upon the goodness of the LORD in the land of the living!
Psa 27:14 Wait for the LORD; be strong, and let your heart take courage; wait for the LORD!
Psa 28:1 OF DAVID.To you, O LORD, I call; my rock, be not deaf to me, lest, if you be silent to me, I become
like those who go down to the pit.
Psa 28:2 Hear the voice of my pleas for mercy, when I cry to you for help, when I lift up my hands toward your
most holy sanctuary.
Psa 28:3 Do not drag me off with the wicked, with the workers of evil, who speak peace with their neighbors
while evil is in their hearts.
Psa 28:4 Give to them according to their work and according to the evil of their deeds; give to them according to
the work of their hands; render them their due reward.
Psa 28:5 Because they do not regard the works of the LORD or the work of his hands, he will tear them down
and build them up no more.
Psa 28:6 Blessed be the LORD! for he has heard the voice of my pleas for mercy.
Psa 28:7 The LORD is my strength and my shield; in him my heart trusts, and I am helped; my heart exults, and
with my song I give thanks to him.
Psa 28:8 The LORD is the strength of his people; he is the saving refuge of his anointed.
Psa 28:9 Oh, save your people and bless your heritage! Be their shepherd and carry them forever.Psa 29:1 A PSALM OF DAVID.Ascribe to the LORD, O heavenly beings, ascribe to the LORD glory and
strength.
Psa 29:2 Ascribe to the LORD the glory due his name; worship the LORD in the splendor of holiness.
Psa 29:3 The voice of the LORD is over the waters; the God of glory thunders, the LORD, over many waters.
Psa 29:4 The voice of the LORD is powerful; the voice of the LORD is full of majesty.
Psa 29:5 The voice of the LORD breaks the cedars; the LORD breaks the cedars of Lebanon.
Psa 29:6 He makes Lebanon to skip like a calf, and Sirion like a young wild ox.
Psa 29:7 The voice of the LORD flashes forth flames of fire.
Psa 29:8 The voice of the LORD shakes the wilderness; the LORD shakes the wilderness of Kadesh.
Psa 29:9 The voice of the LORD makes the deer give birth and strips the forests bare, and in his temple all cry,
"Glory!"
Psa 29:10 The LORD sits enthroned over the flood; the LORD sits enthroned as king forever.
Psa 29:11 May the LORD give strength to his people! May the LORD bless his people with peace!
Psa 30:1 A PSALM OF DAVID. A SONG AT THE DEDICATION OF THE TEMPLE. I will extol you, O LORD, for
you have drawn me up and have not let my foes rejoice over me.
Psa 30:2 O LORD my God, I cried to you for help, and you have healed me.
Psa 30:3 O LORD, you have brought up my soul from Sheol; you restored me to life from among those who go
down to the pit.
Psa 30:4 Sing praises to the LORD, O you his saints, and give thanks to his holy name.
Psa 30:5 For his anger is but for a moment, and his favor is for a lifetime. Weeping may tarry for the night, but
joy comes with the morning.
Psa 30:6 As for me, I said in my prosperity, "I shall never be moved."
Psa 30:7 By your favor, O LORD, you made my mountain stand strong; you hid your face; I was dismayed.
Psa 30:8 To you, O LORD, I cry, and to the Lord I plead for mercy:
Psa 30:9 "What profit is there in my death, if I go down to the pit? Will the dust praise you? Will it tell of your
faithfulness?
Psa 30:10 Hear, O LORD, and be merciful to me! O LORD, be my helper!"
Psa 30:11 You have turned for me my mourning into dancing; you have loosed my sackcloth and clothed me
with gladness,
Psa 30:12 that my glory may sing your praise and not be silent. O LORD my God, I will give thanks to you
forever!
Psa 31:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. A PSALM OF DAVID. In you, O LORD, do I take refuge; let me never be
put to shame; in your righteousness deliver me!
Psa 31:2 Incline your ear to me; rescue me speedily! Be a rock of refuge for me, a strong fortress to save me!
Psa 31:3 For you are my rock and my fortress; and for your name's sake you lead me and guide me;
Psa 31:4 you take me out of the net they have hidden for me, for you are my refuge.
Psa 31:5 Into your hand I commit my spirit; you have redeemed me, O LORD, faithful God.
Psa 31:6 I hate those who pay regard to worthless idols, but I trust in the LORD.
Psa 31:7 I will rejoice and be glad in your steadfast love, because you have seen my affliction; you have known
the distress of my soul,
Psa 31:8 and you have not delivered me into the hand of the enemy; you have set my feet in a broad place.
Psa 31:9 Be gracious to me, O LORD, for I am in distress; my eye is wasted from grief; my soul and my body
also.
Psa 31:10 For my life is spent with sorrow, and my years with sighing; my strength fails because of my iniquity,
and my bones waste away.
Psa 31:11 Because of all my adversaries I have become a reproach, especially to my neighbors, and an object
of dread to my acquaintances; those who see me in the street flee from me.
Psa 31:12 I have been forgotten like one who is dead; I have become like a broken vessel.
Psa 31:13 For I hear the whispering of many- terror on every side!- as they scheme together against me, as
they plot to take my life.
Psa 31:14 But I trust in you, O LORD; I say, "You are my God."
Psa 31:15 My times are in your hand; rescue me from the hand of my enemies and from my persecutors!
Psa 31:16 Make your face shine on your servant; save me in your steadfast love!
Psa 31:17 O LORD, let me not be put to shame, for I call upon you; let the wicked be put to shame; let them go
silently to Sheol.
Psa 31:18 Let the lying lips be mute, which speak insolently against the righteous in pride and contempt.
Psa 31:19 Oh, how abundant is your goodness, which you have stored up for those who fear you and worked
for those who take refuge in you, in the sight of the children of mankind!
Psa 31:20 In the cover of your presence you hide them from the plots of men; you store them in your shelterfrom the strife of tongues.
Psa 31:21 Blessed be the LORD, for he has wondrously shown his steadfast love to me when I was in a
besieged city.
Psa 31:22 I had said in my alarm, "I am cut off from your sight." But you heard the voice of my pleas for mercy
when I cried to you for help.
Psa 31:23 Love the LORD, all you his saints! The LORD preserves the faithful but abundantly repays the one
who acts in pride.
Psa 31:24 Be strong, and let your heart take courage, all you who wait for the LORD!
Psa 32:1 A MASKIL OF DAVID. Blessed is the one whose transgression is forgiven, whose sin is covered.
Psa 32:2 Blessed is the man against whom the LORD counts no iniquity, and in whose spirit there is no deceit.
Psa 32:3 For when I kept silent, my bones wasted away through my groaning all day long.
Psa 32:4 For day and night your hand was heavy upon me; my strength was dried up as by the heat of summer.
Selah
Psa 32:5 I acknowledged my sin to you, and I did not cover my iniquity; I said, "I will confess my transgressions
to the LORD," and you forgave the iniquity of my sin. Selah
Psa 32:6 Therefore let everyone who is godly offer prayer to you at a time when you may be found; surely in the
rush of great waters, they shall not reach him.
Psa 32:7 You are a hiding place for me; you preserve me from trouble; you surround me with shouts of
deliverance. Selah
Psa 32:8 I will instruct you and teach you in the way you should go; I will counsel you with my eye upon you.
Psa 32:9 Be not like a horse or a mule, without understanding, which must be curbed with bit and bridle, or it will
not stay near you.
Psa 32:10 Many are the sorrows of the wicked, but steadfast love surrounds the one who trusts in the LORD.
Psa 32:11 Be glad in the LORD, and rejoice, O righteous, and shout for joy, all you upright in heart!
Psa 33:1 Shout for joy in the LORD, O you righteous! Praise befits the upright.
Psa 33:2 Give thanks to the LORD with the lyre; make melody to him with the harp of ten strings!
Psa 33:3 Sing to him a new song; play skillfully on the strings, with loud shouts.
Psa 33:4 For the word of the LORD is upright, and all his work is done in faithfulness.
Psa 33:5 He loves righteousness and justice; the earth is full of the steadfast love of the LORD.
Psa 33:6 By the word of the LORD the heavens were made, and by the breath of his mouth all their host.
Psa 33:7 He gathers the waters of the sea as a heap; he puts the deeps in storehouses.
Psa 33:8 Let all the earth fear the LORD; let all the inhabitants of the world stand in awe of him!
Psa 33:9 For he spoke, and it came to be; he commanded, and it stood firm.
Psa 33:10 The LORD brings the counsel of the nations to nothing; he frustrates the plans of the peoples.
Psa 33:11 The counsel of the LORD stands forever, the plans of his heart to all generations.
Psa 33:12 Blessed is the nation whose God is the LORD, the people whom he has chosen as his heritage!
Psa 33:13 The LORD looks down from heaven; he sees all the children of man;
Psa 33:14 from where he sits enthroned he looks out on all the inhabitants of the earth,
Psa 33:15 he who fashions the hearts of them all and observes all their deeds.
Psa 33:16 The king is not saved by his great army; a warrior is not delivered by his great strength.
Psa 33:17 The war horse is a false hope for salvation, and by its great might it cannot rescue.
Psa 33:18 Behold, the eye of the LORD is on those who fear him, on those who hope in his steadfast love,
Psa 33:19 that he may deliver their soul from death and keep them alive in famine.
Psa 33:20 Our soul waits for the LORD; he is our help and our shield.
Psa 33:21 For our heart is glad in him, because we trust in his holy name.
Psa 33:22 Let your steadfast love, O LORD, be upon us, even as we hope in you.
Psa 34:1 OF DAVID, WHEN HE CHANGED HIS BEHAVIOR BEFORE ABIMELECH, SO THAT HE DROVE
HIM OUT, AND HE WENT AWAY. I will bless the LORD at all times; his praise shall continually be in my mouth.
Psa 34:2 My soul makes its boast in the LORD; let the humble hear and be glad.
Psa 34:3 Oh, magnify the LORD with me, and let us exalt his name together!
Psa 34:4 I sought the LORD, and he answered me and delivered me from all my fears.
Psa 34:5 Those who look to him are radiant, and their faces shall never be ashamed.
Psa 34:6 This poor man cried, and the LORD heard him and saved him out of all his troubles.
Psa 34:7 The angel of the LORD encamps around those who fear him, and delivers them.
Psa 34:8 Oh, taste and see that the LORD is good! Blessed is the man who takes refuge in him!
Psa 34:9 Oh, fear the LORD, you his saints, for those who fear him have no lack!
Psa 34:10 The young lions suffer want and hunger; but those who seek the LORD lack no good thing.
Psa 34:11 Come, O children, listen to me; I will teach you the fear of the LORD.
Psa 34:12 What man is there who desires life and loves many days, that he may see good?Psa 34:13 Keep your tongue from evil and your lips from speaking deceit.
Psa 34:14 Turn away from evil and do good; seek peace and pursue it.
Psa 34:15 The eyes of the LORD are toward the righteous and his ears toward their cry.
Psa 34:16 The face of the LORD is against those who do evil, to cut off the memory of them from the earth.
Psa 34:17 When the righteous cry for help, the LORD hears and delivers them out of all their troubles.
Psa 34:18 The LORD is near to the brokenhearted and saves the crushed in spirit.
Psa 34:19 Many are the afflictions of the righteous, but the LORD delivers him out of them all.
Psa 34:20 He keeps all his bones; not one of them is broken.
Psa 34:21 Affliction will slay the wicked, and those who hate the righteous will be condemned.
Psa 34:22 The LORD redeems the life of his servants; none of those who take refuge in him will be condemned.
Psa 35:1 OF DAVID.Contend, O LORD, with those who contend with me; fight against those who fight against
me!
Psa 35:2 Take hold of shield and buckler and rise for my help!
Psa 35:3 Draw the spear and javelin against my pursuers! Say to my soul, "I am your salvation!"
Psa 35:4 Let them be put to shame and dishonor who seek after my life! Let them be turned back and
disappointed who devise evil against me!
Psa 35:5 Let them be like chaff before the wind, with the angel of the LORD driving them away!
Psa 35:6 Let their way be dark and slippery, with the angel of the LORD pursuing them!
Psa 35:7 For without cause they hid their net for me; without cause they dug a pit for my life.
Psa 35:8 Let destruction come upon him when he does not know it! And let the net that he hid ensnare him; let
him fall into it- to his destruction!
Psa 35:9 Then my soul will rejoice in the LORD, exulting in his salvation.
Psa 35:10 All my bones shall say, "O LORD, who is like you, delivering the poor from him who is too strong for
him, the poor and needy from him who robs him?"
Psa 35:11 Malicious witnesses rise up; they ask me of things that I do not know.
Psa 35:12 They repay me evil for good; my soul is bereft.
Psa 35:13 But I, when they were sick- I wore sackcloth; I afflicted myself with fasting; I prayed with head bowed
on my chest.
Psa 35:14 I went about as though I grieved for my friend or my brother; as one who laments his mother, I bowed
down in mourning.
Psa 35:15 But at my stumbling they rejoiced and gathered; they gathered together against me; wretches whom I
did not know tore at me without ceasing;
Psa 35:16 like profane mockers at a feast, they gnash at me with their teeth.
Psa 35:17 How long, O Lord, will you look on? Rescue me from their destruction, my precious life from the lions!
Psa 35:18 I will thank you in the great congregation; in the mighty throng I will praise you.
Psa 35:19 Let not those rejoice over me who are wrongfully my foes, and let not those wink the eye who hate
me without cause.
Psa 35:20 For they do not speak peace, but against those who are quiet in the land they devise words of deceit.
Psa 35:21 They open wide their mouths against me; they say, "Aha, Aha! our eyes have seen it!"
Psa 35:22 You have seen, O LORD; be not silent! O Lord, be not far from me!
Psa 35:23 Awake and rouse yourself for my vindication, for my cause, my God and my Lord!
Psa 35:24 Vindicate me, O LORD, my God, according to your righteousness, and let them not rejoice over me!
Psa 35:25 Let them not say in their hearts, "Aha, our heart's desire!" Let them not say, "We have swallowed him
up."
Psa 35:26 Let them be put to shame and disappointed altogether who rejoice at my calamity! Let them be
clothed with shame and dishonor who magnify themselves against me!
Psa 35:27 Let those who delight in my righteousness shout for joy and be glad and say evermore, "Great is the
LORD, who delights in the welfare of his servant!"
Psa 35:28 Then my tongue shall tell of your righteousness and of your praise all the day long.
Psa 36:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. OF DAVID, THE SERVANT OF THE LORD. Transgression speaks to the
wicked deep in his heart; there is no fear of God before his eyes.
Psa 36:2 For he flatters himself in his own eyes that his iniquity cannot be found out and hated.
Psa 36:3 The words of his mouth are trouble and deceit; he has ceased to act wisely and do good.
Psa 36:4 He plots trouble while on his bed; he sets himself in a way that is not good; he does not reject evil.
Psa 36:5 Your steadfast love, O LORD, extends to the heavens, your faithfulness to the clouds.
Psa 36:6 Your righteousness is like the mountains of God; your judgments are like the great deep; man and
beast you save, O LORD.
Psa 36:7 How precious is your steadfast love, O God! The children of mankind take refuge in the shadow of
your wings.Psa 36:8 They feast on the abundance of your house, and you give them drink from the river of your delights.
Psa 36:9 For with you is the fountain of life; in your light do we see light.
Psa 36:10 Oh, continue your steadfast love to those who know you, and your righteousness to the upright of
heart!
Psa 36:11 Let not the foot of arrogance come upon me, nor the hand of the wicked drive me away.
Psa 36:12 There the evildoers lie fallen; they are thrust down, unable to rise.
Psa 37:1 OF DAVID. Fret not yourself because of evildoers; be not envious of wrongdoers!
Psa 37:2 For they will soon fade like the grass and wither like the green herb.
Psa 37:3 Trust in the LORD, and do good; dwell in the land and befriend faithfulness.
Psa 37:4 Delight yourself in the LORD, and he will give you the desires of your heart.
Psa 37:5 Commit your way to the LORD; trust in him, and he will act.
Psa 37:6 He will bring forth your righteousness as the light, and your justice as the noonday.
Psa 37:7 Be still before the LORD and wait patiently for him; fret not yourself over the one who prospers in his
way, over the man who carries out evil devices!
Psa 37:8 Refrain from anger, and forsake wrath! Fret not yourself; it tends only to evil.
Psa 37:9 For the evildoers shall be cut off, but those who wait for the LORD shall inherit the land.
Psa 37:10 In just a little while, the wicked will be no more; though you look carefully at his place, he will not be
there.
Psa 37:11 But the meek shall inherit the land and delight themselves in abundant peace.
Psa 37:12 The wicked plots against the righteous and gnashes his teeth at him,
Psa 37:13 but the Lord laughs at the wicked, for he sees that his day is coming.
Psa 37:14 The wicked draw the sword and bend their bows to bring down the poor and needy, to slay those
whose way is upright;
Psa 37:15 their sword shall enter their own heart, and their bows shall be broken.
Psa 37:16 Better is the little that the righteous has than the abundance of many wicked.
Psa 37:17 For the arms of the wicked shall be broken, but the LORD upholds the righteous.
Psa 37:18 The LORD knows the days of the blameless, and their heritage will remain forever;
Psa 37:19 they are not put to shame in evil times; in the days of famine they have abundance.
Psa 37:20 But the wicked will perish; the enemies of the LORD are like the glory of the pastures; they vanishlike smoke they vanish away.
Psa 37:21 The wicked borrows but does not pay back, but the righteous is generous and gives;
Psa 37:22 for those blessed by the LORD shall inherit the land, but those cursed by him shall be cut off.
Psa 37:23 The steps of a man are established by the LORD, when he delights in his way;
Psa 37:24 though he fall, he shall not be cast headlong, for the LORD upholds his hand.
Psa 37:25 I have been young, and now am old, yet I have not seen the righteous forsaken or his children
begging for bread.
Psa 37:26 He is ever lending generously, and his children become a blessing.
Psa 37:27 Turn away from evil and do good; so shall you dwell forever.
Psa 37:28 For the LORD loves justice; he will not forsake his saints. They are preserved forever, but the
children of the wicked shall be cut off.
Psa 37:29 The righteous shall inherit the land and dwell upon it forever.
Psa 37:30 The mouth of the righteous utters wisdom, and his tongue speaks justice.
Psa 37:31 The law of his God is in his heart; his steps do not slip.
Psa 37:32 The wicked watches for the righteous and seeks to put him to death.
Psa 37:33 The LORD will not abandon him to his power or let him be condemned when he is brought to trial.
Psa 37:34 Wait for the LORD and keep his way, and he will exalt you to inherit the land; you will look on when
the wicked are cut off.
Psa 37:35 I have seen a wicked, ruthless man, spreading himself like a green laurel tree.
Psa 37:36 But he passed away, and behold, he was no more; though I sought him, he could not be found.
Psa 37:37 Mark the blameless and behold the upright, for there is a future for the man of peace.
Psa 37:38 But transgressors shall be altogether destroyed; the future of the wicked shall be cut off.
Psa 37:39 The salvation of the righteous is from the LORD; he is their stronghold in the time of trouble.
Psa 37:40 The LORD helps them and delivers them; he delivers them from the wicked and saves them,
because they take refuge in him.
Psa 38:1 A PSALM OF DAVID, FOR THE MEMORIAL OFFERING. O LORD, rebuke me not in your anger, nor
discipline me in your wrath!
Psa 38:2 For your arrows have sunk into me, and your hand has come down on me.
Psa 38:3 There is no soundness in my flesh because of your indignation; there is no health in my bones
because of my sin.Psa 38:4 For my iniquities have gone over my head; like a heavy burden, they are too heavy for me.
Psa 38:5 My wounds stink and fester because of my foolishness,
Psa 38:6 I am utterly bowed down and prostrate; all the day I go about mourning.
Psa 38:7 For my sides are filled with burning, and there is no soundness in my flesh.
Psa 38:8 I am feeble and crushed; I groan because of the tumult of my heart.
Psa 38:9 O Lord, all my longing is before you; my sighing is not hidden from you.
Psa 38:10 My heart throbs; my strength fails me, and the light of my eyes- it also has gone from me.
Psa 38:11 My friends and companions stand aloof from my plague, and my nearest kin stand far off.
Psa 38:12 Those who seek my life lay their snares; those who seek my hurt speak of ruin and meditate
treachery all day long.
Psa 38:13 But I am like a deaf man; I do not hear, like a mute man who does not open his mouth.
Psa 38:14 I have become like a man who does not hear, and in whose mouth are no rebukes.
Psa 38:15 But for you, O LORD, do I wait; it is you, O Lord my God, who will answer.
Psa 38:16 For I said, "Only let them not rejoice over me, who boast against me when my foot slips!"
Psa 38:17 For I am ready to fall, and my pain is ever before me.
Psa 38:18 I confess my iniquity; I am sorry for my sin.
Psa 38:19 But my foes are vigorous, they are mighty, and many are those who hate me wrongfully.
Psa 38:20 Those who render me evil for good accuse me because I follow after good.
Psa 38:21 Do not forsake me, O LORD! O my God, be not far from me!
Psa 38:22 Make haste to help me, O Lord, my salvation!
Psa 39:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: TO JEDUTHUN. A PSALM OF DAVID. I said, "I will guard my ways, that I
may not sin with my tongue; I will guard my mouth with a muzzle, so long as the wicked are in my presence."
Psa 39:2 I was mute and silent; I held my peace to no avail, and my distress grew worse.
Psa 39:3 My heart became hot within me. As I mused, the fire burned; then I spoke with my tongue:
Psa 39:4 "O LORD, make me know my end and what is the measure of my days; let me know how fleeting I am!
Psa 39:5 Behold, you have made my days a few handbreadths, and my lifetime is as nothing before you. Surely
all mankind stands as a mere breath! Selah
Psa 39:6 Surely a man goes about as a shadow! Surely for nothing they are in turmoil; man heaps up wealth
and does not know who will gather!
Psa 39:7 "And now, O Lord, for what do I wait? My hope is in you.
Psa 39:8 Deliver me from all my transgressions. Do not make me the scorn of the fool!
Psa 39:9 I am mute; I do not open my mouth, for it is you who have done it.
Psa 39:10 Remove your stroke from me; I am spent by the hostility of your hand.
Psa 39:11 When you discipline a man with rebukes for sin, you consume like a moth what is dear to him; surely
all mankind is a mere breath! Selah
Psa 39:12 "Hear my prayer, O LORD, and give ear to my cry; hold not your peace at my tears! For I am a
sojourner with you, a guest, like all my fathers.
Psa 39:13 Look away from me, that I may smile again, before I depart and am no more!"
Psa 40:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. A PSALM OF DAVID. I waited patiently for the LORD; he inclined to me
and heard my cry.
Psa 40:2 He drew me up from the pit of destruction, out of the miry bog, and set my feet upon a rock, making
my steps secure.
Psa 40:3 He put a new song in my mouth, a song of praise to our God. Many will see and fear, and put their
trust in the LORD.
Psa 40:4 Blessed is the man who makes the LORD his trust, who does not turn to the proud, to those who go
astray after a lie!
Psa 40:5 You have multiplied, O LORD my God, your wondrous deeds and your thoughts toward us; none can
compare with you! I will proclaim and tell of them, yet they are more than can be told.
Psa 40:6 Sacrifice and offering you have not desired, but you have given me an open ear. Burnt offering and sin
offering you have not required.
Psa 40:7 Then I said, "Behold, I have come; in the scroll of the book it is written of me:
Psa 40:8 I desire to do your will, O my God; your law is within my heart."
Psa 40:9 I have told the glad news of deliverance in the great congregation; behold, I have not restrained my
lips, as you know, O LORD.
Psa 40:10 I have not hidden your deliverance within my heart; I have spoken of your faithfulness and your
salvation; I have not concealed your steadfast love and your faithfulness from the great congregation.
Psa 40:11 As for you, O LORD, you will not restrain your mercy from me; your steadfast love and your
faithfulness will ever preserve me!
Psa 40:12 For evils have encompassed me beyond number; my iniquities have overtaken me, and I cannot see;they are more than the hairs of my head; my heart fails me.
Psa 40:13 Be pleased, O LORD, to deliver me! O LORD, make haste to help me!
Psa 40:14 Let those be put to shame and disappointed altogether who seek to snatch away my life; let those be
turned back and brought to dishonor who desire my hurt!
Psa 40:15 Let those be appalled because of their shame who say to me, "Aha, Aha!"
Psa 40:16 But may all who seek you rejoice and be glad in you; may those who love your salvation say
continually, "Great is the LORD!"
Psa 40:17 As for me, I am poor and needy, but the Lord takes thought for me. You are my help and my
deliverer; do not delay, O my God!
Psa 41:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. A PSALM OF DAVID. Blessed is the one who considers the poor! In the
day of trouble the LORD delivers him;
Psa 41:2 the LORD protects him and keeps him alive; he is called blessed in the land; you do not give him up to
the will of his enemies.
Psa 41:3 The LORD sustains him on his sickbed; in his illness you restore him to full health.
Psa 41:4 As for me, I said, "O LORD, be gracious to me; heal me, for I have sinned against you!"
Psa 41:5 My enemies say of me in malice, "When will he die and his name perish?"
Psa 41:6 And when one comes to see me, he utters empty words, while his heart gathers iniquity; when he
goes out, he tells it abroad.
Psa 41:7 All who hate me whisper together about me; they imagine the worst for me.
Psa 41:8 They say, "A deadly thing is poured out on him; he will not rise again from where he lies."
Psa 41:9 Even my close friend in whom I trusted, who ate my bread, has lifted his heel against me.
Psa 41:10 But you, O LORD, be gracious to me, and raise me up, that I may repay them!
Psa 41:11 By this I know that you delight in me: my enemy will not shout in triumph over me.
Psa 41:12 But you have upheld me because of my integrity, and set me in your presence forever.
Psa 41:13 Blessed be the LORD, the God of Israel, from everlasting to everlasting! Amen and Amen. BOOK
TWO
Psa 42:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. A MASKIL OF THE SONS OF KORAH. As a deer pants for flowing
streams, so pants my soul for you, O God.
Psa 42:2 My soul thirsts for God, for the living God. When shall I come and appear before God?
Psa 42:3 My tears have been my food day and night, while they say to me continually, "Where is your God?"
Psa 42:4 These things I remember, as I pour out my soul: how I would go with the throng and lead them in
procession to the house of God with glad shouts and songs of praise, a multitude keeping festival.
Psa 42:5 Why are you cast down, O my soul, and why are you in turmoil within me? Hope in God; for I shall
again praise him, my salvation
Psa 42:6 and my God. My soul is cast down within me; therefore I remember you from the land of Jordan and of
Hermon, from Mount Mizar.
Psa 42:7 Deep calls to deep at the roar of your waterfalls; all your breakers and your waves have gone over me.
Psa 42:8 By day the LORD commands his steadfast love, and at night his song is with me, a prayer to the God
of my life.
Psa 42:9 I say to God, my rock: "Why have you forgotten me? Why do I go mourning because of the oppression
of the enemy?"
Psa 42:10 As with a deadly wound in my bones, my adversaries taunt me, while they say to me continually,
"Where is your God?"
Psa 42:11 Why are you cast down, O my soul, and why are you in turmoil within me? Hope in God; for I shall
again praise him, my salvation and my God.
Psa 43:1 Vindicate me, O God, and defend my cause against an ungodly people, from the deceitful and unjust
man deliver me!
Psa 43:2 For you are the God in whom I take refuge; why have you rejected me? Why do I go about mourning
because of the oppression of the enemy?
Psa 43:3 Send out your light and your truth; let them lead me; let them bring me to your holy hill and to your
dwelling!
Psa 43:4 Then I will go to the altar of God, to God my exceeding joy, and I will praise you with the lyre, O God,
my God.
Psa 43:5 Why are you cast down, O my soul, and why are you in turmoil within me? Hope in God; for I shall
again praise him, my salvation and my God.
Psa 44:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. A MASKIL OF THE SONS OF KORAH. O God, we have heard with our
ears, our fathers have told us, what deeds you performed in their days, in the days of old:
Psa 44:2 you with your own hand drove out the nations, but them you planted; you afflicted the peoples, but
them you set free;Psa 44:3 for not by their own sword did they win the land, nor did their own arm save them, but your right hand
and your arm, and the light of your face, for you delighted in them.
Psa 44:4 You are my King, O God; ordain salvation for Jacob!
Psa 44:5 Through you we push down our foes; through your name we tread down those who rise up against us.
Psa 44:6 For not in my bow do I trust, nor can my sword save me.
Psa 44:7 But you have saved us from our foes and have put to shame those who hate us.
Psa 44:8 In God we have boasted continually, and we will give thanks to your name forever. Selah
Psa 44:9 But you have rejected us and disgraced us and have not gone out with our armies.
Psa 44:10 You have made us turn back from the foe, and those who hate us have gotten spoil.
Psa 44:11 You have made us like sheep for slaughter and have scattered us among the nations.
Psa 44:12 You have sold your people for a trifle, demanding no high price for them.
Psa 44:13 You have made us the taunt of our neighbors, the derision and scorn of those around us.
Psa 44:14 You have made us a byword among the nations, a laughingstock among the peoples.
Psa 44:15 All day long my disgrace is before me, and shame has covered my face
Psa 44:16 at the sound of the taunter and reviler, at the sight of the enemy and the avenger.
Psa 44:17 All this has come upon us, though we have not forgotten you, and we have not been false to your
covenant.
Psa 44:18 Our heart has not turned back, nor have our steps departed from your way;
Psa 44:19 yet you have broken us in the place of jackals and covered us with the shadow of death.
Psa 44:20 If we had forgotten the name of our God or spread out our hands to a foreign god,
Psa 44:21 would not God discover this? For he knows the secrets of the heart.
Psa 44:22 Yet for your sake we are killed all the day long; we are regarded as sheep to be slaughtered.
Psa 44:23 Awake! Why are you sleeping, O Lord? Rouse yourself! Do not reject us forever!
Psa 44:24 Why do you hide your face? Why do you forget our affliction and oppression?
Psa 44:25 For our soul is bowed down to the dust; our belly clings to the ground.
Psa 44:26 Rise up; come to our help! Redeem us for the sake of your steadfast love!
Psa 45:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: ACCORDING TO LILIES. A MASKIL OF THE SONS OF KORAH; A LOVE
SONG. My heart overflows with a pleasing theme; I address my verses to the king; my tongue is like the pen of a
ready scribe.
Psa 45:2 You are the most handsome of the sons of men; grace is poured upon your lips; therefore God has
blessed you forever.
Psa 45:3 Gird your sword on your thigh, O mighty one, in your splendor and majesty!
Psa 45:4 In your majesty ride out victoriously for the cause of truth and meekness and righteousness; let your
right hand teach you awesome deeds!
Psa 45:5 Your arrows are sharp in the heart of the king's enemies; the peoples fall under you.
Psa 45:6 Your throne, O God, is forever and ever. The scepter of your kingdom is a scepter of uprightness;
Psa 45:7 you have loved righteousness and hated wickedness. Therefore God, your God, has anointed you with
the oil of gladness beyond your companions;
Psa 45:8 your robes are all fragrant with myrrh and aloes and cassia. From ivory palaces stringed instruments
make you glad;
Psa 45:9 daughters of kings are among your ladies of honor; at your right hand stands the queen in gold of
Ophir.
Psa 45:10 Hear, O daughter, and consider, and incline your ear: forget your people and your father's house,
Psa 45:11 and the king will desire your beauty. Since he is your lord, bow to him.
Psa 45:12 The people of Tyre will seek your favor with gifts, the richest of the people.
Psa 45:13 All glorious is the princess in her chamber, with robes interwoven with gold.
Psa 45:14 In many-colored robes she is led to the king, with her virgin companions following behind her.
Psa 45:15 With joy and gladness they are led along as they enter the palace of the king.
Psa 45:16 In place of your fathers shall be your sons; you will make them princes in all the earth.
Psa 45:17 I will cause your name to be remembered in all generations; therefore nations will praise you forever
and ever.
Psa 46:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. OF THE SONS OF KORAH. ACCORDING TO ALAMOTH. A SONG. God
is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.
Psa 46:2 Therefore we will not fear though the earth gives way, though the mountains be moved into the heart
of the sea,
Psa 46:3 though its waters roar and foam, though the mountains tremble at its swelling. Selah
Psa 46:4 There is a river whose streams make glad the city of God, the holy habitation of the Most High.
Psa 46:5 God is in the midst of her; she shall not be moved; God will help her when morning dawns.
Psa 46:6 The nations rage, the kingdoms totter; he utters his voice, the earth melts.Psa 46:7 The LORD of hosts is with us; the God of Jacob is our fortress. Selah
Psa 46:8 Come, behold the works of the LORD, how he has brought desolations on the earth.
Psa 46:9 He makes wars cease to the end of the earth; he breaks the bow and shatters the spear; he burns the
chariots with fire.
Psa 46:10 "Be still, and know that I am God. I will be exalted among the nations, I will be exalted in the earth!"
Psa 46:11 The LORD of hosts is with us; the God of Jacob is our fortress. Selah
Psa 47:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. A PSALM OF THE SONS OF KORAH. Clap your hands, all peoples! Shout
to God with loud songs of joy!
Psa 47:2 For the LORD, the Most High, is to be feared, a great king over all the earth.
Psa 47:3 He subdued peoples under us, and nations under our feet.
Psa 47:4 He chose our heritage for us, the pride of Jacob whom he loves. Selah
Psa 47:5 God has gone up with a shout, the LORD with the sound of a trumpet.
Psa 47:6 Sing praises to God, sing praises! Sing praises to our King, sing praises!
Psa 47:7 For God is the King of all the earth; sing praises with a psalm!
Psa 47:8 God reigns over the nations; God sits on his holy throne.
Psa 47:9 The princes of the peoples gather as the people of the God of Abraham. For the shields of the earth
belong to God; he is highly exalted!
Psa 48:1 A SONG. A PSALM OF THE SONS OF KORAH. Great is the LORD and greatly to be praised in the
city of our God! His holy mountain,
Psa 48:2 beautiful in elevation, is the joy of all the earth, Mount Zion, in the far north, the city of the great King.
Psa 48:3 Within her citadels God has made himself known as a fortress.
Psa 48:4 For behold, the kings assembled; they came on together.
Psa 48:5 As soon as they saw it, they were astounded; they were in panic; they took to flight.
Psa 48:6 Trembling took hold of them there, anguish as of a woman in labor.
Psa 48:7 By the east wind you shattered the ships of Tarshish.
Psa 48:8 As we have heard, so have we seen in the city of the LORD of hosts, in the city of our God, which God
will establish forever. Selah
Psa 48:9 We have thought on your steadfast love, O God, in the midst of your temple.
Psa 48:10 As your name, O God, so your praise reaches to the ends of the earth. Your right hand is filled with
righteousness.
Psa 48:11 Let Mount Zion be glad! Let the daughters of Judah rejoice because of your judgments!
Psa 48:12 Walk about Zion, go around her, number her towers,
Psa 48:13 consider well her ramparts, go through her citadels, that you may tell the next generation
Psa 48:14 that this is God, our God forever and ever. He will guide us forever.
Psa 49:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. A PSALM OF THE SONS OF KORAH. Hear this, all peoples! Give ear, all
inhabitants of the world,
Psa 49:2 both low and high, rich and poor together!
Psa 49:3 My mouth shall speak wisdom; the meditation of my heart shall be understanding.
Psa 49:4 I will incline my ear to a proverb; I will solve my riddle to the music of the lyre.
Psa 49:5 Why should I fear in times of trouble, when the iniquity of those who cheat me surrounds me,
Psa 49:6 those who trust in their wealth and boast of the abundance of their riches?
Psa 49:7 Truly no man can ransom another, or give to God the price of his life,
Psa 49:8 for the ransom of their life is costly and can never suffice,
Psa 49:9 that he should live on forever and never see the pit.
Psa 49:10 For he sees that even the wise die; the fool and the stupid alike must perish and leave their wealth to
others.
Psa 49:11 Their graves are their homes forever, their dwelling places to all generations, though they called
lands by their own names.
Psa 49:12 Man in his pomp will not remain; he is like the beasts that perish.
Psa 49:13 This is the path of those who have foolish confidence; yet after them people approve of their boasts.
Selah
Psa 49:14 Like sheep they are appointed for Sheol; Death shall be their shepherd, and the upright shall rule
over them in the morning. Their form shall be consumed in Sheol, with no place to dwell.
Psa 49:15 But God will ransom my soul from the power of Sheol, for he will receive me. Selah
Psa 49:16 Be not afraid when a man becomes rich, when the glory of his house increases.
Psa 49:17 For when he dies he will carry nothing away; his glory will not go down after him.
Psa 49:18 For though, while he lives, he counts himself blessed,- and though you get praise when you do well
for yourselfPsa 49:19 his soul will go to the generation of his fathers, who will never again see light.Psa 49:20 Man in his pomp yet without understanding is like the beasts that perish.
Psa 50:1 A PSALM OF ASAPH. The Mighty One, God the LORD, speaks and summons the earth from the
rising of the sun to its setting.
Psa 50:2 Out of Zion, the perfection of beauty, God shines forth.
Psa 50:3 Our God comes; he does not keep silence; before him is a devouring fire, around him a mighty
tempest.
Psa 50:4 He calls to the heavens above and to the earth, that he may judge his people:
Psa 50:5 "Gather to me my faithful ones, who made a covenant with me by sacrifice!"
Psa 50:6 The heavens declare his righteousness, for God himself is judge! Selah
Psa 50:7 "Hear, O my people, and I will speak; O Israel, I will testify against you. I am God, your God.
Psa 50:8 Not for your sacrifices do I rebuke you; your burnt offerings are continually before me.
Psa 50:9 I will not accept a bull from your house or goats from your folds.
Psa 50:10 For every beast of the forest is mine, the cattle on a thousand hills.
Psa 50:11 I know all the birds of the hills, and all that moves in the field is mine.
Psa 50:12 "If I were hungry, I would not tell you, for the world and its fullness are mine.
Psa 50:13 Do I eat the flesh of bulls or drink the blood of goats?
Psa 50:14 Offer to God a sacrifice of thanksgiving, and perform your vows to the Most High,
Psa 50:15 and call upon me in the day of trouble; I will deliver you, and you shall glorify me."
Psa 50:16 But to the wicked God says: "What right have you to recite my statutes or take my covenant on your
lips?
Psa 50:17 For you hate discipline, and you cast my words behind you.
Psa 50:18 If you see a thief, you are pleased with him, and you keep company with adulterers.
Psa 50:19 "You give your mouth free rein for evil, and your tongue frames deceit.
Psa 50:20 You sit and speak against your brother; you slander your own mother's son.
Psa 50:21 These things you have done, and I have been silent; you thought that I was one like yourself. But
now I rebuke you and lay the charge before you.
Psa 50:22 "Mark this, then, you who forget God, lest I tear you apart, and there be none to deliver!
Psa 50:23 The one who offers thanksgiving as his sacrifice glorifies me; to one who orders his way rightly I will
show the salvation of God!"
Psa 51:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. A PSALM OF DAVID, WHEN NATHAN THE PROPHET WENT TO HIM,
AFTER HE HAD GONE IN TO BATHSHEBA. Have mercy on me, O God, according to your steadfast love;
according to your abundant mercy blot out my transgressions.
Psa 51:2 Wash me thoroughly from my iniquity, and cleanse me from my sin!
Psa 51:3 For I know my transgressions, and my sin is ever before me.
Psa 51:4 Against you, you only, have I sinned and done what is evil in your sight, so that you may be justified in
your words and blameless in your judgment.
Psa 51:5 Behold, I was brought forth in iniquity, and in sin did my mother conceive me.
Psa 51:6 Behold, you delight in truth in the inward being, and you teach me wisdom in the secret heart.
Psa 51:7 Purge me with hyssop, and I shall be clean; wash me, and I shall be whiter than snow.
Psa 51:8 Let me hear joy and gladness; let the bones that you have broken rejoice.
Psa 51:9 Hide your face from my sins, and blot out all my iniquities.
Psa 51:10 Create in me a clean heart, O God, and renew a right spirit within me.
Psa 51:11 Cast me not away from your presence, and take not your Holy Spirit from me.
Psa 51:12 Restore to me the joy of your salvation, and uphold me with a willing spirit.
Psa 51:13 Then I will teach transgressors your ways, and sinners will return to you.
Psa 51:14 Deliver me from bloodguiltiness, O God, O God of my salvation, and my tongue will sing aloud of
your righteousness.
Psa 51:15 O Lord, open my lips, and my mouth will declare your praise.
Psa 51:16 For you will not delight in sacrifice, or I would give it; you will not be pleased with a burnt offering.
Psa 51:17 The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit; a broken and contrite heart, O God, you will not despise.
Psa 51:18 Do good to Zion in your good pleasure; build up the walls of Jerusalem;
Psa 51:19 then will you delight in right sacrifices, in burnt offerings and whole burnt offerings; then bulls will be
offered on your altar.
Psa 52:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. A MASKIL OF DAVID, WHEN DOEG, THE EDOMITE, CAME AND TOLD
SAUL, "DAVID HAS COME TO THE HOUSE OF AHIMELECH." Why do you boast of evil, O mighty man? The
steadfast love of God endures all the day.
Psa 52:2 Your tongue plots destruction, like a sharp razor, you worker of deceit.
Psa 52:3 You love evil more than good, and lying more than speaking what is right. Selah
Psa 52:4 You love all words that devour, O deceitful tongue.Psa 52:5 But God will break you down forever; he will snatch and tear you from your tent; he will uproot you
from the land of the living. Selah
Psa 52:6 The righteous shall see and fear, and shall laugh at him, saying,
Psa 52:7 "See the man who would not make God his refuge, but trusted in the abundance of his riches and
sought refuge in his own destruction!"
Psa 52:8 But I am like a green olive tree in the house of God. I trust in the steadfast love of God forever and
ever.
Psa 52:9 I will thank you forever, because you have done it. I will wait for your name, for it is good, in the
presence of the godly.
Psa 53:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: ACCORDING TO MAHALATH. A MASKIL OF DAVID. The fool says in his
heart, "There is no God." They are corrupt, doing abominable iniquity; there is none who does good.
Psa 53:2 God looks down from heaven on the children of man to see if there are any who understand, who seek
after God.
Psa 53:3 They have all fallen away; together they have become corrupt; there is none who does good, not even
one.
Psa 53:4 Have those who work evil no knowledge, who eat up my people as they eat bread, and do not call
upon God?
Psa 53:5 There they are, in great terror, where there is no terror! For God scatters the bones of him who
encamps against you; you put them to shame, for God has rejected them.
Psa 53:6 Oh, that salvation for Israel would come out of Zion! When God restores the fortunes of his people, Let
Jacob rejoice, let Israel be glad.
Psa 54:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: WITH STRINGED INSTRUMENTS. A MASKIL OF DAVID, WHEN THE
ZIPHITES WENT AND TOLD SAUL, "IS NOT DAVID HIDING AMONG US?" O God, save me, by your name,
and vindicate me by your might.
Psa 54:2 O God, hear my prayer; give ear to the words of my mouth.
Psa 54:3 For strangers have risen against me; ruthless men seek my life; they do not set God before
themselves. Selah
Psa 54:4 Behold, God is my helper; the Lord is the upholder of my life.
Psa 54:5 He will return the evil to my enemies; in your faithfulness put an end to them.
Psa 54:6 With a freewill offering I will sacrifice to you; I will give thanks to your name, O LORD, for it is good.
Psa 54:7 For he has delivered me from every trouble, and my eye has looked in triumph on my enemies.
Psa 55:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: WITH STRINGED INSTRUMENTS. A MASKIL OF DAVID. Give ear to my
prayer, O God, and hide not yourself from my plea for mercy!
Psa 55:2 Attend to me, and answer me; I am restless in my complaint and I moan,
Psa 55:3 because of the noise of the enemy, because of the oppression of the wicked. For they drop trouble
upon me, and in anger they bear a grudge against me.
Psa 55:4 My heart is in anguish within me; the terrors of death have fallen upon me.
Psa 55:5 Fear and trembling come upon me, and horror overwhelms me.
Psa 55:6 And I say, "Oh, that I had wings like a dove! I would fly away and be at rest;
Psa 55:7 yes, I would wander far away; I would lodge in the wilderness; Selah
Psa 55:8 I would hurry to find a shelter from the raging wind and tempest."
Psa 55:9 Destroy, O Lord, divide their tongues; for I see violence and strife in the city.
Psa 55:10 Day and night they go around it on its walls, and iniquity and trouble are within it;
Psa 55:11 ruin is in its midst; oppression and fraud do not depart from its marketplace.
Psa 55:12 For it is not an enemy who taunts me- then I could bear it; it is not an adversary who deals insolently
with me- then I could hide from him.
Psa 55:13 But it is you, a man, my equal, my companion, my familiar friend.
Psa 55:14 We used to take sweet counsel together; within God's house we walked in the throng.
Psa 55:15 Let death steal over them; let them go down to Sheol alive; for evil is in their dwelling place and in
their heart.
Psa 55:16 But I call to God, and the LORD will save me.
Psa 55:17 Evening and morning and at noon I utter my complaint and moan, and he hears my voice.
Psa 55:18 He redeems my soul in safety from the battle that I wage, for many are arrayed against me.
Psa 55:19 God will give ear and humble them, he who is enthroned from of old, Selah because they do not
change and do not fear God.
Psa 55:20 My companion stretched out his hand against his friends; he violated his covenant.
Psa 55:21 His speech was smooth as butter, yet war was in his heart; his words were softer than oil, yet they
were drawn swords.
Psa 55:22 Cast your burden on the LORD, and he will sustain you; he will never permit the righteous to bemoved.
Psa 55:23 But you, O God, will cast them down into the pit of destruction; men of blood and treachery shall not
live out half their days. But I will trust in you.
Psa 56:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: ACCORDING TO THE DOVE ON FAR-OFF TEREBINTHS. A MIKTAM OF
DAVID, WHEN THE PHILISTINES SEIZED HIM IN GATH. Be gracious to me, O God, for man tramples on me;
all day long an attacker oppresses me;
Psa 56:2 my enemies trample on me all day long, for many attack me proudly.
Psa 56:3 When I am afraid, I put my trust in you.
Psa 56:4 In God, whose word I praise, in God I trust; I shall not be afraid. What can flesh do to me?
Psa 56:5 All day long they injure my cause; all their thoughts are against me for evil.
Psa 56:6 They stir up strife, they lurk; they watch my steps, as they have waited for my life.
Psa 56:7 For their crime will they escape? In wrath cast down the peoples, O God!
Psa 56:8 You have kept count of my tossings; put my tears in your bottle. Are they not in your book?
Psa 56:9 Then my enemies will turn back in the day when I call. This I know, that God is for me.
Psa 56:10 In God, whose word I praise, in the LORD, whose word I praise,
Psa 56:11 in God I trust; I shall not be afraid. What can man do to me?
Psa 56:12 I must perform my vows to you, O God; I will render thank offerings to you.
Psa 56:13 For you have delivered my soul from death, yes, my feet from falling, that I may walk before God in
the light of life.
Psa 57:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: ACCORDING TO DO NOT DESTROY. A MIKTAM OF DAVID, WHEN HE
FLED FROM SAUL, IN THE CAVE. Be merciful to me, O God, be merciful to me, for in you my soul takes
refuge; in the shadow of your wings I will take refuge, till the storms of destruction pass by.
Psa 57:2 I cry out to God Most High, to God who fulfills his purpose for me.
Psa 57:3 He will send from heaven and save me; he will put to shame him who tramples on me. Selah God will
send out his steadfast love and his faithfulness!
Psa 57:4 My soul is in the midst of lions; I lie down amid fiery beasts- the children of man, whose teeth are
spears and arrows, whose tongues are sharp swords.
Psa 57:5 Be exalted, O God, above the heavens! Let your glory be over all the earth!
Psa 57:6 They set a net for my steps; my soul was bowed down. They dug a pit in my way, but they have fallen
into it themselves. Selah
Psa 57:7 My heart is steadfast, O God, my heart is steadfast! I will sing and make melody!
Psa 57:8 Awake, my glory! Awake, O harp and lyre! I will awake the dawn!
Psa 57:9 I will give thanks to you, O Lord, among the peoples; I will sing praises to you among the nations.
Psa 57:10 For your steadfast love is great to the heavens, your faithfulness to the clouds.
Psa 57:11 Be exalted, O God, above the heavens! Let your glory be over all the earth!
Psa 58:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: ACCORDING TO DO NOT DESTROY. A MIKTAM OF DAVID. Do you
indeed decree what is right, you gods? Do you judge the children of man uprightly?
Psa 58:2 No, in your hearts you devise wrongs; your hands deal out violence on earth.
Psa 58:3 The wicked are estranged from the womb; they go astray from birth, speaking lies.
Psa 58:4 They have venom like the venom of a serpent, like the deaf adder that stops its ear,
Psa 58:5 so that it does not hear the voice of charmers or of the cunning enchanter.
Psa 58:6 O God, break the teeth in their mouths; tear out the fangs of the young lions, O LORD!
Psa 58:7 Let them vanish like water that runs away; when he aims his arrows, let them be blunted.
Psa 58:8 Let them be like the snail that dissolves into slime, like the stillborn child who never sees the sun.
Psa 58:9 Sooner than your pots can feel the heat of thorns, whether green or ablaze, may he sweep them
away!
Psa 58:10 The righteous will rejoice when he sees the vengeance; he will bathe his feet in the blood of the
wicked.
Psa 58:11 Mankind will say, "Surely there is a reward for the righteous; surely there is a God who judges on
earth."
Psa 59:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: ACCORDING TO DO NOT DESTROY. A MIKTAM OF DAVID, WHEN
SAUL SENT MEN TO WATCH HIS HOUSE IN ORDER TO KILL HIM. Deliver me from my enemies, O my God;
protect me from those who rise up against me;
Psa 59:2 deliver me from those who work evil, and save me from bloodthirsty men.
Psa 59:3 For behold, they lie in wait for my life; fierce men stir up strife against me. For no transgression or sin
of mine, O LORD,
Psa 59:4 for no fault of mine, they run and make ready. Awake, come to meet me, and see!
Psa 59:5 You, LORD God of hosts, are God of Israel. Rouse yourself to punish all the nations; spare none of
those who treacherously plot evil. SelahPsa 59:6 Each evening they come back, howling like dogs and prowling about the city.
Psa 59:7 There they are, bellowing with their mouths with swords in their lips- for "Who," they think, "will hear
us?"
Psa 59:8 But you, O LORD, laugh at them; you hold all the nations in derision.
Psa 59:9 O my Strength, I will watch for you, for you, O God, are my fortress.
Psa 59:10 My God in his steadfast love will meet me; God will let me look in triumph on my enemies.
Psa 59:11 Kill them not, lest my people forget; make them totter by your power and bring them down, O Lord,
our shield!
Psa 59:12 For the sin of their mouths, the words of their lips, let them be trapped in their pride. For the cursing
and lies that they utter,
Psa 59:13 consume them in wrath; consume them till they are no more, that they may know that God rules over
Jacob to the ends of the earth. Selah
Psa 59:14 Each evening they come back, howling like dogs and prowling about the city.
Psa 59:15 They wander about for food and growl if they do not get their fill.
Psa 59:16 But I will sing of your strength; I will sing aloud of your steadfast love in the morning. For you have
been to me a fortress and a refuge in the day of my distress.
Psa 59:17 O my Strength, I will sing praises to you, for you, O God, are my fortress, the God who shows me
steadfast love.
Psa 60:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: ACCORDING TO SHUSHAN EDUTH. A MIKTAM OF DAVID; FOR
INSTRUCTION; WHEN HE STROVE WITH ARAM-NAHARAIM AND WITH ARAM-ZOBAH, AND WHEN JOAB
ON HIS RETURN STRUCK DOWN TWELVE THOUSAND OF EDOM IN THE VALLEY OF SALT. O God, you
have rejected us, broken our defenses; you have been angry; oh, restore us.
Psa 60:2 You have made the land to quake; you have torn it open; repair its breaches, for it totters.
Psa 60:3 You have made your people see hard things; you have given us wine to drink that made us stagger.
Psa 60:4 You have set up a banner for those who fear you, that they may flee to it from the bow. Selah
Psa 60:5 That your beloved ones may be delivered, give salvation by your right hand and answer us!
Psa 60:6 God has spoken in his holiness: "With exultation I will divide up Shechem and portion out the Vale of
Succoth.
Psa 60:7 Gilead is mine; Manasseh is mine; Ephraim is my helmet; Judah is my scepter.
Psa 60:8 Moab is my washbasin; upon Edom I cast my shoe; over Philistia I shout in triumph."
Psa 60:9 Who will bring me to the fortified city? Who will lead me to Edom?
Psa 60:10 Have you not rejected us, O God? You do not go forth, O God, with our armies.
Psa 60:11 Oh, grant us help against the foe, for vain is the salvation of man!
Psa 60:12 With God we shall do valiantly; it is he who will tread down our foes.
Psa 61:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: WITH STRINGED INSTRUMENTS. OF DAVID. Hear my cry, O God, listen
to my prayer;
Psa 61:2 from the end of the earth I call to you when my heart is faint. Lead me to the rock that is higher than I,
Psa 61:3 for you have been my refuge, a strong tower against the enemy.
Psa 61:4 Let me dwell in your tent forever! Let me take refuge under the shelter of your wings! Selah
Psa 61:5 For you, O God, have heard my vows; you have given me the heritage of those who fear your name.
Psa 61:6 Prolong the life of the king; may his years endure to all generations!
Psa 61:7 May he be enthroned forever before God; appoint steadfast love and faithfulness to watch over him!
Psa 61:8 So will I ever sing praises to your name, as I perform my vows day after day.
Psa 62:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: ACCORDING TO JEDUTHUN. A PSALM OF DAVID. For God alone my
soul waits in silence; from him comes my salvation.
Psa 62:2 He only is my rock and my salvation, my fortress; I shall not be greatly shaken.
Psa 62:3 How long will all of you attack a man to batter him, like a leaning wall, a tottering fence?
Psa 62:4 They only plan to thrust him down from his high position. They take pleasure in falsehood. They bless
with their mouths, but inwardly they curse. Selah
Psa 62:5 For God alone, O my soul, wait in silence, for my hope is from him.
Psa 62:6 He only is my rock and my salvation, my fortress; I shall not be shaken.
Psa 62:7 On God rests my salvation and my glory; my mighty rock, my refuge is God.
Psa 62:8 Trust in him at all times, O people; pour out your heart before him; God is a refuge for us. Selah
Psa 62:9 Those of low estate are but a breath; those of high estate are a delusion; in the balances they go up;
they are together lighter than a breath.
Psa 62:10 Put no trust in extortion; set no vain hopes on robbery; if riches increase, set not your heart on them.
Psa 62:11 Once God has spoken; twice have I heard this: that power belongs to God,
Psa 62:12 and that to you, O Lord, belongs steadfast love. For you will render to a man according to his work.
Psa 63:1 A PSALM OF DAVID, WHEN HE WAS IN THE WILDERNESS OF JUDAH. O God, you are my God;earnestly I seek you; my soul thirsts for you; my flesh faints for you, as in a dry and weary land where there is no
water.
Psa 63:2 So I have looked upon you in the sanctuary, beholding your power and glory.
Psa 63:3 Because your steadfast love is better than life, my lips will praise you.
Psa 63:4 So I will bless you as long as I live; in your name I will lift up my hands.
Psa 63:5 My soul will be satisfied as with fat and rich food, and my mouth will praise you with joyful lips,
Psa 63:6 when I remember you upon my bed, and meditate on you in the watches of the night;
Psa 63:7 for you have been my help, and in the shadow of your wings I will sing for joy.
Psa 63:8 My soul clings to you; your right hand upholds me.
Psa 63:9 But those who seek to destroy my life shall go down into the depths of the earth;
Psa 63:10 they shall be given over to the power of the sword; they shall be a portion for jackals.
Psa 63:11 But the king shall rejoice in God; all who swear by him shall exult, for the mouths of liars will be
stopped.
Psa 64:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. A PSALM OF DAVID. Hear my voice, O God, in my complaint; preserve my
life from dread of the enemy.
Psa 64:2 Hide me from the secret plots of the wicked, from the throng of evildoers,
Psa 64:3 who whet their tongues like swords, who aim bitter words like arrows,
Psa 64:4 shooting from ambush at the blameless, shooting at him suddenly and without fear.
Psa 64:5 They hold fast to their evil purpose; they talk of laying snares secretly, thinking, who can see them?
Psa 64:6 They search out injustice, saying, "We have accomplished a diligent search." For the inward mind and
heart of a man are deep!
Psa 64:7 But God shoots his arrow at them; they are wounded suddenly.
Psa 64:8 They are brought to ruin, with their own tongues turned against them; all who see them will wag their
heads.
Psa 64:9 Then all mankind fears; they tell what God has brought about and ponder what he has done.
Psa 64:10 Let the righteous one rejoice in the LORD and take refuge in him! Let all the upright in heart exult!
Psa 65:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. A PSALM OF DAVID. A SONG. Praise is due to you, O God, in Zion, and
to you shall vows be performed.
Psa 65:2 O you who hears prayer, to you shall all flesh come.
Psa 65:3 When iniquities prevail against me, you atone for our transgressions.
Psa 65:4 Blessed is the one you choose and bring near, to dwell in your courts! We shall be satisfied with the
goodness of your house, the holiness of your temple!
Psa 65:5 By awesome deeds you answer us with righteousness, O God of our salvation, the hope of all the
ends of the earth and of the farthest seas;
Psa 65:6 the one who by his strength established the mountains, being girded with might;
Psa 65:7 who stills the roaring of the seas, the roaring of their waves, the tumult of the peoples,
Psa 65:8 so that those who dwell at the ends of the earth are in awe at your signs. You make the going out of
the morning and the evening to shout for joy.
Psa 65:9 You visit the earth and water it; you greatly enrich it; the river of God is full of water; you provide their
grain, for so you have prepared it.
Psa 65:10 You water its furrows abundantly, settling its ridges, softening it with showers, and blessing its
growth.
Psa 65:11 You crown the year with your bounty; your wagon tracks overflow with abundance.
Psa 65:12 The pastures of the wilderness overflow, the hills gird themselves with joy,
Psa 65:13 the meadows clothe themselves with flocks, the valleys deck themselves with grain, they shout and
sing together for joy.
Psa 66:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. A SONG. A PSALM. Shout for joy to God, all the earth;
Psa 66:2 sing the glory of his name; give to him glorious praise!
Psa 66:3 Say to God, "How awesome are your deeds! So great is your power that your enemies come cringing
to you.
Psa 66:4 All the earth worships you and sings praises to you; they sing praises to your name." Selah
Psa 66:5 Come and see what God has done: he is awesome in his deeds toward the children of man.
Psa 66:6 He turned the sea into dry land; they passed through the river on foot. There did we rejoice in him,
Psa 66:7 who rules by his might forever, whose eyes keep watch on the nations- let not the rebellious exalt
themselves. Selah
Psa 66:8 Bless our God, O peoples; let the sound of his praise be heard,
Psa 66:9 who has kept our soul among the living and has not let our feet slip.
Psa 66:10 For you, O God, have tested us; you have tried us as silver is tried.
Psa 66:11 You brought us into the net; you laid a crushing burden on our backs;Psa 66:12 you let men ride over our heads; we went through fire and through water; yet you have brought us
out to a place of abundance.
Psa 66:13 I will come into your house with burnt offerings; I will perform my vows to you,
Psa 66:14 that which my lips uttered and my mouth promised when I was in trouble.
Psa 66:15 I will offer to you burnt offerings of fattened animals, with the smoke of the sacrifice of rams; I will
make an offering of bulls and goats. Selah
Psa 66:16 Come and hear, all you who fear God, and I will tell what he has done for my soul.
Psa 66:17 I cried to him with my mouth, and high praise was on my tongue.
Psa 66:18 If I had cherished iniquity in my heart, the Lord would not have listened.
Psa 66:19 But truly God has listened; he has attended to the voice of my prayer.
Psa 66:20 Blessed be God, because he has not rejected my prayer or removed his steadfast love from me!
Psa 67:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: WITH STRINGED INSTRUMENTS. A PSALM. A SONG. May God be
gracious to us and bless us and make his face to shine upon us, Selah
Psa 67:2 that your way may be known on earth, your saving power among all nations.
Psa 67:3 Let the peoples praise you, O God; let all the peoples praise you!
Psa 67:4 Let the nations be glad and sing for joy, for you judge the peoples with equity and guide the nations
upon earth. Selah
Psa 67:5 Let the peoples praise you, O God; let all the peoples praise you!
Psa 67:6 The earth has yielded its increase; God, our God, shall bless us.
Psa 67:7 God shall bless us; let all the ends of the earth fear him!
Psa 68:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. A PSALM OF DAVID. A SONG. God shall arise, his enemies shall be
scattered; and those who hate him shall flee before him!
Psa 68:2 As smoke is driven away, so you shall drive them away; as wax melts before fire, so the wicked shall
perish before God!
Psa 68:3 But the righteous shall be glad; they shall exult before God; they shall be jubilant with joy!
Psa 68:4 Sing to God, sing praises to his name; lift up a song to him who rides through the deserts; his name is
the LORD; exult before him!
Psa 68:5 Father of the fatherless and protector of widows is God in his holy habitation.
Psa 68:6 God settles the solitary in a home; he leads out the prisoners to prosperity, but the rebellious dwell in a
parched land.
Psa 68:7 O God, when you went out before your people, when you marched through the wilderness, Selah
Psa 68:8 the earth quaked, the heavens poured down rain, before God, the One of Sinai, before God, the God
of Israel.
Psa 68:9 Rain in abundance, O God, you shed abroad; you restored your inheritance as it languished;
Psa 68:10 your flock found a dwelling in it; in your goodness, O God, you provided for the needy.
Psa 68:11 The Lord gives the word; the women who announce the news are a great host:
Psa 68:12 "The kings of the armies- they flee, they flee!" The women at home divide the spoilPsa 68:13 though you men lie among the sheepfolds- the wings of a dove covered with silver, its pinions with
shimmering gold.
Psa 68:14 When the Almighty scatters kings there, let snow fall on Zalmon.
Psa 68:15 O mountain of God, mountain of Bashan; O many-peaked mountain, mountain of Bashan!
Psa 68:16 Why do you look with hatred, O many-peaked mountain, at the mount that God desired for his abode,
yes, where the LORD will dwell forever?
Psa 68:17 The chariots of God are twice ten thousand, thousands upon thousands; the Lord is among them;
Sinai is now in the sanctuary.
Psa 68:18 You ascended on high, leading a host of captives in your train and receiving gifts among men, even
among the rebellious, that the LORD God may dwell there.
Psa 68:19 Blessed be the Lord, who daily bears us up; God is our salvation. Selah
Psa 68:20 Our God is a God of salvation, and to GOD, the Lord, belong deliverances from death.
Psa 68:21 But God will strike the heads of his enemies, the hairy crown of him who walks in his guilty ways.
Psa 68:22 The Lord said, "I will bring them back from Bashan, I will bring them back from the depths of the sea,
Psa 68:23 that you may strike your feet in their blood, that the tongues of your dogs may have their portion from
the foe."
Psa 68:24 Your procession is seen, O God, the procession of my God, my King, into the sanctuaryPsa 68:25 the singers in front, the musicians last, between them virgins playing tambourines:
Psa 68:26 "Bless God in the great congregation, the LORD, O you who are of Israel's fountain!"
Psa 68:27 There is Benjamin, the least of them, in the lead, the princes of Judah in their throng, the princes of
Zebulun, the princes of Naphtali.
Psa 68:28 Summon your power, O God, the power, O God, by which you have worked for us.Psa 68:29 Because of your temple at Jerusalem kings shall bear gifts to you.
Psa 68:30 Rebuke the beasts that dwell among the reeds, the herd of bulls with the calves of the peoples.
Trample underfoot those who lust after tribute; scatter the peoples who delight in war.
Psa 68:31 Nobles shall come from Egypt; Cush shall hasten to stretch out her hands to God.
Psa 68:32 O kingdoms of the earth, sing to God; sing praises to the Lord, Selah
Psa 68:33 to him who rides in the heavens, the ancient heavens; behold, he sends out his voice, his mighty
voice.
Psa 68:34 Ascribe power to God, whose majesty is over Israel, and whose power is in the skies.
Psa 68:35 Awesome is God from his sanctuary; the God of Israel- he is the one who gives power and strength
to his people. Blessed be God!
Psa 69:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: ACCORDING TO LILIES. OF DAVID. Save me, O God! For the waters
have come up to my neck.
Psa 69:2 I sink in deep mire, where there is no foothold; I have come into deep waters, and the flood sweeps
over me.
Psa 69:3 I am weary with my crying out; my throat is parched. My eyes grow dim with waiting for my God.
Psa 69:4 More in number than the hairs of my head are those who hate me without cause; mighty are those
who would destroy me, those who attack me with lies. What I did not steal must I now restore?
Psa 69:5 O God, you know my folly; the wrongs I have done are not hidden from you.
Psa 69:6 Let not those who hope in you be put to shame through me, O Lord GOD of hosts; let not those who
seek you be brought to dishonor through me, O God of Israel.
Psa 69:7 For it is for your sake that I have borne reproach, that dishonor has covered my face.
Psa 69:8 I have become a stranger to my brothers, an alien to my mother's sons.
Psa 69:9 For zeal for your house has consumed me, and the reproaches of those who reproach you have fallen
on me.
Psa 69:10 When I wept and humbled my soul with fasting, it became my reproach.
Psa 69:11 When I made sackcloth my clothing, I became a byword to them.
Psa 69:12 I am the talk of those who sit in the gate, and the drunkards make songs about me.
Psa 69:13 But as for me, my prayer is to you, O LORD. At an acceptable time, O God, in the abundance of your
steadfast love answer me in your saving faithfulness.
Psa 69:14 Deliver me from sinking in the mire; let me be delivered from my enemies and from the deep waters.
Psa 69:15 Let not the flood sweep over me, or the deep swallow me up, or the pit close its mouth over me.
Psa 69:16 Answer me, O LORD, for your steadfast love is good; according to your abundant mercy, turn to me.
Psa 69:17 Hide not your face from your servant; for I am in distress; make haste to answer me.
Psa 69:18 Draw near to my soul, redeem me; ransom me because of my enemies!
Psa 69:19 You know my reproach, and my shame and my dishonor; my foes are all known to you.
Psa 69:20 Reproaches have broken my heart, so that I am in despair. I looked for pity, but there was none, and
for comforters, but I found none.
Psa 69:21 They gave me poison for food, and for my thirst they gave me sour wine to drink.
Psa 69:22 Let their own table before them become a snare; and when they are at peace, let it become a trap.
Psa 69:23 Let their eyes be darkened, so that they cannot see, and make their loins tremble continually.
Psa 69:24 Pour out your indignation upon them, and let your burning anger overtake them.
Psa 69:25 May their camp be a desolation; let no one dwell in their tents.
Psa 69:26 For they persecute him whom you have struck down, and they recount the pain of those you have
wounded.
Psa 69:27 Add to them punishment upon punishment; may they have no acquittal from you.
Psa 69:28 Let them be blotted out of the book of the living; let them not be enrolled among the righteous.
Psa 69:29 But I am afflicted and in pain; let your salvation, O God, set me on high!
Psa 69:30 I will praise the name of God with a song; I will magnify him with thanksgiving.
Psa 69:31 This will please the LORD more than an ox or a bull with horns and hoofs.
Psa 69:32 When the humble see it they will be glad; you who seek God, let your hearts revive.
Psa 69:33 For the LORD hears the needy and does not despise his own people who are prisoners.
Psa 69:34 Let heaven and earth praise him, the seas and everything that moves in them.
Psa 69:35 For God will save Zion and build up the cities of Judah, and people shall dwell there and possess it;
Psa 69:36 the offspring of his servants shall inherit it, and those who love his name shall dwell in it.
Psa 70:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. OF DAVID, FOR THE MEMORIAL OFFERING. Make haste, O God, to
deliver me! O LORD, make haste to help me!
Psa 70:2 Let them be put to shame and confusion who seek my life! Let them be turned back and brought to
dishonor who desire my hurt!
Psa 70:3 Let them turn back because of their shame who say, "Aha, Aha!"Psa 70:4 May all who seek you rejoice and be glad in you! May those who love your salvation say evermore,
"God is great!"
Psa 70:5 But I am poor and needy; hasten to me, O God! You are my help and my deliverer; O LORD, do not
delay!
Psa 71:1 In you, O LORD, do I take refuge; let me never be put to shame!
Psa 71:2 In your righteousness deliver me and rescue me; incline your ear to me, and save me!
Psa 71:3 Be to me a rock of refuge, to which I may continually come; you have given the command to save me,
for you are my rock and my fortress.
Psa 71:4 Rescue me, O my God, from the hand of the wicked, from the grasp of the unjust and cruel man.
Psa 71:5 For you, O Lord, are my hope, my trust, O LORD, from my youth.
Psa 71:6 Upon you I have leaned from before my birth; you are he who took me from my mother's womb. My
praise is continually of you.
Psa 71:7 I have been as a portent to many, but you are my strong refuge.
Psa 71:8 My mouth is filled with your praise, and with your glory all the day.
Psa 71:9 Do not cast me off in the time of old age; forsake me not when my strength is spent.
Psa 71:10 For my enemies speak concerning me; those who watch for my life consult together
Psa 71:11 and say, "God has forsaken him; pursue and seize him, for there is none to deliver him."
Psa 71:12 O God, be not far from me; O my God, make haste to help me!
Psa 71:13 May my accusers be put to shame and consumed; with scorn and disgrace may they be covered who
seek my hurt.
Psa 71:14 But I will hope continually and will praise you yet more and more.
Psa 71:15 My mouth will tell of your righteous acts, of your deeds of salvation all the day, for their number is
past my knowledge.
Psa 71:16 With the mighty deeds of the Lord GOD I will come; I will remind them of your righteousness, yours
alone.
Psa 71:17 O God, from my youth you have taught me, and I still proclaim your wondrous deeds.
Psa 71:18 So even to old age and gray hairs, O God, do not forsake me, until I proclaim your might to another
generation, your power to all those to come.
Psa 71:19 Your righteousness, O God, reaches the high heavens. You who have done great things, O God,
who is like you?
Psa 71:20 You who have made me see many troubles and calamities will revive me again; from the depths of
the earth you will bring me up again.
Psa 71:21 You will increase my greatness and comfort me again.
Psa 71:22 I will also praise you with the harp for your faithfulness, O my God; I will sing praises to you with the
lyre, O Holy One of Israel.
Psa 71:23 My lips will shout for joy, when I sing praises to you; my soul also, which you have redeemed.
Psa 71:24 And my tongue will talk of your righteous help all the day long, for they have been put to shame and
disappointed who sought to do me hurt.
Psa 72:1 OF SOLOMON.Give the king your justice, O God, and your righteousness to the royal son!
Psa 72:2 May he judge your people with righteousness, and your poor with justice!
Psa 72:3 Let the mountains bear prosperity for the people, and the hills, in righteousness!
Psa 72:4 May he defend the cause of the poor of the people, give deliverance to the children of the needy, and
crush the oppressor!
Psa 72:5 May they fear you while the sun endures, and as long as the moon, throughout all generations!
Psa 72:6 May he be like rain that falls on the mown grass, like showers that water the earth!
Psa 72:7 In his days may the righteous flourish, and peace abound, till the moon be no more!
Psa 72:8 May he have dominion from sea to sea, and from the River to the ends of the earth!
Psa 72:9 May desert tribes bow down before him and his enemies lick the dust!
Psa 72:10 May the kings of Tarshish and of the coastlands render him tribute; may the kings of Sheba and
Seba bring gifts!
Psa 72:11 May all kings fall down before him, all nations serve him!
Psa 72:12 For he delivers the needy when he calls, the poor and him who has no helper.
Psa 72:13 He has pity on the weak and the needy, and saves the lives of the needy.
Psa 72:14 From oppression and violence he redeems their life, and precious is their blood in his sight.
Psa 72:15 Long may he live; may gold of Sheba be given to him! May prayer be made for him continually, and
blessings invoked for him all the day!
Psa 72:16 May there be abundance of grain in the land; on the tops of the mountains may it wave; may its fruit
be like Lebanon; and may people blossom in the cities like the grass of the field!
Psa 72:17 May his name endure forever, his fame continue as long as the sun! May people be blessed in him,all nations call him blessed!
Psa 72:18 Blessed be the LORD, the God of Israel, who alone does wondrous things.
Psa 72:19 Blessed be his glorious name forever; may the whole earth be filled with his glory! Amen and Amen!
Psa 72:20 The prayers of David, the son of Jesse, are ended. BOOK THREE
Psa 73:1 A PSALM OF ASAPH.Truly God is good to Israel, to those who are pure in heart.
Psa 73:2 But as for me, my feet had almost stumbled, my steps had nearly slipped.
Psa 73:3 For I was envious of the arrogant when I saw the prosperity of the wicked.
Psa 73:4 For they have no pangs until death; their bodies are fat and sleek.
Psa 73:5 They are not in trouble as others are; they are not stricken like the rest of mankind.
Psa 73:6 Therefore pride is their necklace; violence covers them as a garment.
Psa 73:7 Their eyes swell out through fatness; their hearts overflow with follies.
Psa 73:8 They scoff and speak with malice; loftily they threaten oppression.
Psa 73:9 They set their mouths against the heavens, and their tongue struts through the earth.
Psa 73:10 Therefore his people turn back to them, and find no fault in them.
Psa 73:11 And they say, "How can God know? Is there knowledge in the Most High?"
Psa 73:12 Behold, these are the wicked; always at ease, they increase in riches.
Psa 73:13 All in vain have I kept my heart clean and washed my hands in innocence.
Psa 73:14 For all the day long I have been stricken and rebuked every morning.
Psa 73:15 If I had said, "I will speak thus," I would have betrayed the generation of your children.
Psa 73:16 But when I thought how to understand this, it seemed to me a wearisome task,
Psa 73:17 until I went into the sanctuary of God; then I discerned their end.
Psa 73:18 Truly you set them in slippery places; you make them fall to ruin.
Psa 73:19 How they are destroyed in a moment, swept away utterly by terrors!
Psa 73:20 Like a dream when one awakes, O Lord, when you rouse yourself, you despise them as phantoms.
Psa 73:21 When my soul was embittered, when I was pricked in heart,
Psa 73:22 I was brutish and ignorant; I was like a beast toward you.
Psa 73:23 Nevertheless, I am continually with you; you hold my right hand.
Psa 73:24 You guide me with your counsel, and afterward you will receive me to glory.
Psa 73:25 Whom have I in heaven but you? And there is nothing on earth that I desire besides you.
Psa 73:26 My flesh and my heart may fail, but God is the strength of my heart and my portion forever.
Psa 73:27 For behold, those who are far from you shall perish; you put an end to everyone who is unfaithful to
you.
Psa 73:28 But for me it is good to be near God; I have made the Lord GOD my refuge, that I may tell of all your
works.
Psa 74:1 A MASKIL OF ASAPH.O God, why do you cast us off forever? Why does your anger smoke against
the sheep of your pasture?
Psa 74:2 Remember your congregation, which you have purchased of old, which you have redeemed to be the
tribe of your heritage! Remember Mount Zion, where you have dwelt.
Psa 74:3 Direct your steps to the perpetual ruins; the enemy has destroyed everything in the sanctuary!
Psa 74:4 Your foes have roared in the midst of your meeting place; they set up their own signs for signs.
Psa 74:5 They were like those who swing axes in a forest of trees.
Psa 74:6 And all its carved wood they broke down with hatchets and hammers.
Psa 74:7 They set your sanctuary on fire; they profaned the dwelling place of your name, bringing it down to the
ground.
Psa 74:8 They said to themselves, "We will utterly subdue them"; they burned all the meeting places of God in
the land.
Psa 74:9 We do not see our signs; there is no longer any prophet, and there is none among us who knows how
long.
Psa 74:10 How long, O God, is the foe to scoff? Is the enemy to revile your name forever?
Psa 74:11 Why do you hold back your hand, your right hand? Take it from the fold of your garment and destroy
them!
Psa 74:12 Yet God my King is from of old, working salvation in the midst of the earth.
Psa 74:13 You divided the sea by your might; you broke the heads of the sea monsters on the waters.
Psa 74:14 You crushed the heads of Leviathan; you gave him as food for the creatures of the wilderness.
Psa 74:15 You split open springs and brooks; you dried up ever-flowing streams.
Psa 74:16 Yours is the day, yours also the night; you have established the heavenly lights and the sun.
Psa 74:17 You have fixed all the boundaries of the earth; you have made summer and winter.
Psa 74:18 Remember this, O LORD, how the enemy scoffs, and a foolish people reviles your name.
Psa 74:19 Do not deliver the soul of your dove to the wild beasts; do not forget the life of your poor forever.Psa 74:20 Have regard for the covenant, for the dark places of the land are full of the habitations of violence.
Psa 74:21 Let not the downtrodden turn back in shame; let the poor and needy praise your name.
Psa 74:22 Arise, O God, defend your cause; remember how the foolish scoff at you all the day!
Psa 74:23 Do not forget the clamor of your foes, the uproar of those who rise against you, which goes up
continually!
Psa 75:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: ACCORDING TO DO NOT DESTROY. A PSALM OF ASAPH. A SONG.
We give thanks to you, O God; we give thanks, for your name is near. We recount your wondrous deeds.
Psa 75:2 "At the set time that I appoint I will judge with equity.
Psa 75:3 When the earth totters, and all its inhabitants, it is I who keep steady its pillars. Selah
Psa 75:4 I say to the boastful, 'Do not boast,' and to the wicked, 'Do not lift up your horn;
Psa 75:5 do not lift up your horn on high, or speak with haughty neck.'"
Psa 75:6 For not from the east or from the west and not from the wilderness comes lifting up,
Psa 75:7 but it is God who executes judgment, putting down one and lifting up another.
Psa 75:8 For in the hand of the LORD there is a cup with foaming wine, well mixed, and he pours out from it,
and all the wicked of the earth shall drain it down to the dregs.
Psa 75:9 But I will declare it forever; I will sing praises to the God of Jacob.
Psa 75:10 All the horns of the wicked I will cut off, but the horns of the righteous shall be lifted up.
Psa 76:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: WITH STRINGED INSTRUMENTS. A PSALM OF ASAPH. A SONG. In
Judah God is known; his name is great in Israel.
Psa 76:2 His abode has been established in Salem, his dwelling place in Zion.
Psa 76:3 There he broke the flashing arrows, the shield, the sword, and the weapons of war. Selah
Psa 76:4 Glorious are you, more majestic than the mountains of prey.
Psa 76:5 The stouthearted were stripped of their spoil; they sank into sleep; all the men of war were unable to
use their hands.
Psa 76:6 At your rebuke, O God of Jacob, both rider and horse lay stunned.
Psa 76:7 But you, you are to be feared! Who can stand before you when once your anger is roused?
Psa 76:8 From the heavens you uttered judgment; the earth feared and was still,
Psa 76:9 when God arose to establish judgment, to save all the humble of the earth. Selah
Psa 76:10 Surely the wrath of man shall praise you; the remnant of wrath you will put on like a belt.
Psa 76:11 Make your vows to the LORD your God and perform them; let all around him bring gifts to him who is
to be feared,
Psa 76:12 who cuts off the spirit of princes, who is to be feared by the kings of the earth.
Psa 77:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: ACCORDING TO JEDUTHUN. A PSALM OF ASAPH. I cry aloud to God,
aloud to God, and he will hear me.
Psa 77:2 In the day of my trouble I seek the Lord; in the night my hand is stretched out without wearying; my
soul refuses to be comforted.
Psa 77:3 When I remember God, I moan; when I meditate, my spirit faints. Selah
Psa 77:4 You hold my eyelids open; I am so troubled that I cannot speak.
Psa 77:5 I consider the days of old, the years long ago.
Psa 77:6 I said, "Let me remember my song in the night; let me meditate in my heart." Then my spirit made a
diligent search:
Psa 77:7 "Will the Lord spurn forever, and never again be favorable?
Psa 77:8 Has his steadfast love forever ceased? Are his promises at an end for all time?
Psa 77:9 Has God forgotten to be gracious? Has he in anger shut up his compassion?" Selah
Psa 77:10 Then I said, "I will appeal to this, to the years of the right hand of the Most High."
Psa 77:11 I will remember the deeds of the LORD; yes, I will remember your wonders of old.
Psa 77:12 I will ponder all your work, and meditate on your mighty deeds.
Psa 77:13 Your way, O God, is holy. What god is great like our God?
Psa 77:14 You are the God who works wonders; you have made known your might among the peoples.
Psa 77:15 You with your arm redeemed your people, the children of Jacob and Joseph. Selah
Psa 77:16 When the waters saw you, O God, when the waters saw you, they were afraid; indeed, the deep
trembled.
Psa 77:17 The clouds poured out water; the skies gave forth thunder; your arrows flashed on every side.
Psa 77:18 The crash of your thunder was in the whirlwind; your lightnings lighted up the world; the earth
trembled and shook.
Psa 77:19 Your way was through the sea, your path through the great waters; yet your footprints were unseen.
Psa 77:20 You led your people like a flock by the hand of Moses and Aaron.
Psa 78:1 A MASKIL OF ASAPH. Give ear, O my people, to my teaching; incline your ears to the words of my
mouth!Psa 78:2 I will open my mouth in a parable; I will utter dark sayings from of old,
Psa 78:3 things that we have heard and known, that our fathers have told us.
Psa 78:4 We will not hide them from their children, but tell to the coming generation the glorious deeds of the
LORD, and his might, and the wonders that he has done.
Psa 78:5 He established a testimony in Jacob and appointed a law in Israel, which he commanded our fathers
to teach to their children,
Psa 78:6 that the next generation might know them, the children yet unborn, and arise and tell them to their
children,
Psa 78:7 so that they should set their hope in God and not forget the works of God, but keep his
commandments;
Psa 78:8 and that they should not be like their fathers, a stubborn and rebellious generation, a generation
whose heart was not steadfast, whose spirit was not faithful to God.
Psa 78:9 The Ephraimites, armed with the bow, turned back on the day of battle.
Psa 78:10 They did not keep God's covenant, but refused to walk according to his law.
Psa 78:11 They forgot his works and the wonders that he had shown them.
Psa 78:12 In the sight of their fathers he performed wonders in the land of Egypt, in the fields of Zoan.
Psa 78:13 He divided the sea and let them pass through it, and made the waters stand like a heap.
Psa 78:14 In the daytime he led them with a cloud, and all the night with a fiery light.
Psa 78:15 He split rocks in the wilderness and gave them drink abundantly as from the deep.
Psa 78:16 He made streams come out of the rock and caused waters to flow down like rivers.
Psa 78:17 Yet they sinned still more against him, rebelling against the Most High in the desert.
Psa 78:18 They tested God in their heart by demanding the food they craved.
Psa 78:19 They spoke against God, saying, "Can God spread a table in the wilderness?
Psa 78:20 He struck the rock so that water gushed out and streams overflowed. Can he also give bread or
provide meat for his people?"
Psa 78:21 Therefore, when the LORD heard, he was full of wrath; a fire was kindled against Jacob; his anger
rose against Israel,
Psa 78:22 because they did not believe in God and did not trust his saving power.
Psa 78:23 Yet he commanded the skies above and opened the doors of heaven,
Psa 78:24 and he rained down on them manna to eat and gave them the grain of heaven.
Psa 78:25 Man ate of the bread of the angels; he sent them food in abundance.
Psa 78:26 He caused the east wind to blow in the heavens, and by his power he led out the south wind;
Psa 78:27 he rained meat on them like dust, winged birds like the sand of the seas;
Psa 78:28 he let them fall in the midst of their camp, all around their dwellings.
Psa 78:29 And they ate and were well filled, for he gave them what they craved.
Psa 78:30 But before they had satisfied their craving, while the food was still in their mouths,
Psa 78:31 the anger of God rose against them, and he killed the strongest of them and laid low the young men
of Israel.
Psa 78:32 In spite of all this, they still sinned; despite his wonders, they did not believe.
Psa 78:33 So he made their days vanish like a breath, and their years in terror.
Psa 78:34 When he killed them, they sought him; they repented and sought God earnestly.
Psa 78:35 They remembered that God was their rock, the Most High God their redeemer.
Psa 78:36 But they flattered him with their mouths; they lied to him with their tongues.
Psa 78:37 Their heart was not steadfast toward him; they were not faithful to his covenant.
Psa 78:38 Yet he, being compassionate, atoned for their iniquity and did not destroy them; he restrained his
anger often and did not stir up all his wrath.
Psa 78:39 He remembered that they were but flesh, a wind that passes and comes not again.
Psa 78:40 How often they rebelled against him in the wilderness and grieved him in the desert!
Psa 78:41 They tested God again and again and provoked the Holy One of Israel.
Psa 78:42 They did not remember his power or the day when he redeemed them from the foe,
Psa 78:43 when he performed his signs in Egypt and his marvels in the fields of Zoan.
Psa 78:44 He turned their rivers to blood, so that they could not drink of their streams.
Psa 78:45 He sent among them swarms of flies, which devoured them, and frogs, which destroyed them.
Psa 78:46 He gave their crops to the destroying locust and the fruit of their labor to the locust.
Psa 78:47 He destroyed their vines with hail and their sycamores with frost.
Psa 78:48 He gave over their cattle to the hail and their flocks to thunderbolts.
Psa 78:49 He let loose on them his burning anger, wrath, indignation, and distress, a company of destroying
angels.
Psa 78:50 He made a path for his anger; he did not spare them from death, but gave their lives over to theplague.
Psa 78:51 He struck down every firstborn in Egypt, the firstfruits of their strength in the tents of Ham.
Psa 78:52 Then he led out his people like sheep and guided them in the wilderness like a flock.
Psa 78:53 He led them in safety, so that they were not afraid, but the sea overwhelmed their enemies.
Psa 78:54 And he brought them to his holy land, to the mountain which his right hand had won.
Psa 78:55 He drove out nations before them; he apportioned them for a possession and settled the tribes of
Israel in their tents.
Psa 78:56 Yet they tested and rebelled against the Most High God and did not keep his testimonies,
Psa 78:57 but turned away and acted treacherously like their fathers; they twisted like a deceitful bow.
Psa 78:58 For they provoked him to anger with their high places; they moved him to jealousy with their idols.
Psa 78:59 When God heard, he was full of wrath, and he utterly rejected Israel.
Psa 78:60 He forsook his dwelling at Shiloh, the tent where he dwelt among mankind,
Psa 78:61 and delivered his power to captivity, his glory to the hand of the foe.
Psa 78:62 He gave his people over to the sword and vented his wrath on his heritage.
Psa 78:63 Fire devoured their young men, and their young women had no marriage song.
Psa 78:64 Their priests fell by the sword, and their widows made no lamentation.
Psa 78:65 Then the Lord awoke as from sleep, like a strong man shouting because of wine.
Psa 78:66 And he put his adversaries to rout; he put them to everlasting shame.
Psa 78:67 He rejected the tent of Joseph; he did not choose the tribe of Ephraim,
Psa 78:68 but he chose the tribe of Judah, Mount Zion, which he loves.
Psa 78:69 He built his sanctuary like the high heavens, like the earth, which he has founded forever.
Psa 78:70 He chose David his servant and took him from the sheepfolds;
Psa 78:71 from following the nursing ewes he brought him to shepherd Jacob his people, Israel his inheritance.
Psa 78:72 With upright heart he shepherded them and guided them with his skillful hand.
Psa 79:1 A PSALM OF ASAPH.O God, the nations have come into your inheritance; they have defiled your holy
temple; they have laid Jerusalem in ruins.
Psa 79:2 They have given the bodies of your servants to the birds of the heavens for food, the flesh of your
faithful to the beasts of the earth.
Psa 79:3 They have poured out their blood like water all around Jerusalem, and there was no one to bury them.
Psa 79:4 We have become a taunt to our neighbors, mocked and derided by those around us.
Psa 79:5 How long, O LORD? Will you be angry forever? Will your jealousy burn like fire?
Psa 79:6 Pour out your anger on the nations that do not know you, and on the kingdoms that do not call upon
your name!
Psa 79:7 For they have devoured Jacob and laid waste his habitation.
Psa 79:8 Do not remember against us our former iniquities; let your compassion come speedily to meet us, for
we are brought very low.
Psa 79:9 Help us, O God of our salvation, for the glory of your name; deliver us, and atone for our sins, for your
name's sake!
Psa 79:10 Why should the nations say, "Where is their God?" Let the avenging of the outpoured blood of your
servants be known among the nations before our eyes!
Psa 79:11 Let the groans of the prisoners come before you; according to your great power, preserve those
doomed to die!
Psa 79:12 Return sevenfold into the lap of our neighbors the taunts with which they have taunted you, O Lord!
Psa 79:13 But we your people, the sheep of your pasture, will give thanks to you forever; from generation to
generation we will recount your praise.
Psa 80:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: ACCORDING TO LILIES. A TESTIMONY. OF ASAPH, A PSALM. Give
ear, O Shepherd of Israel, you who lead Joseph like a flock! You who are enthroned upon the cherubim, shine
forth.
Psa 80:2 Before Ephraim and Benjamin and Manasseh, stir up your might and come to save us!
Psa 80:3 Restore us, O God; let your face shine, that we may be saved!
Psa 80:4 O LORD God of hosts, how long will you be angry with your people's prayers?
Psa 80:5 You have fed them with the bread of tears and given them tears to drink in full measure.
Psa 80:6 You make us an object of contention for our neighbors, and our enemies laugh among themselves.
Psa 80:7 Restore us, O God of hosts; let your face shine, that we may be saved!
Psa 80:8 You brought a vine out of Egypt; you drove out the nations and planted it.
Psa 80:9 You cleared the ground for it; it took deep root and filled the land.
Psa 80:10 The mountains were covered with its shade, the mighty cedars with its branches.
Psa 80:11 It sent out its branches to the sea and its shoots to the River.
Psa 80:12 Why then have you broken down its walls, so that all who pass along the way pluck its fruit?Psa 80:13 The boar from the forest ravages it, and all that move in the field feed on it.
Psa 80:14 Turn again, O God of hosts! Look down from heaven, and see; have regard for this vine,
Psa 80:15 the stock that your right hand planted, and for the son whom you made strong for yourself.
Psa 80:16 They have burned it with fire; they have cut it down; may they perish at the rebuke of your face!
Psa 80:17 But let your hand be on the man of your right hand, the son of man whom you have made strong for
yourself!
Psa 80:18 Then we shall not turn back from you; give us life, and we will call upon your name!
Psa 80:19 Restore us, O LORD God of hosts! let your face shine, that we may be saved!
Psa 81:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: ACCORDING TO THE GITTITH. OF ASAPH. Sing aloud to God our
strength; shout for joy to the God of Jacob!
Psa 81:2 Raise a song; sound the tambourine, the sweet lyre with the harp.
Psa 81:3 Blow the trumpet at the new moon, at the full moon, on our feast day.
Psa 81:4 For it is a statute for Israel, a rule of the God of Jacob.
Psa 81:5 He made it a decree in Joseph when he went out over the land of Egypt. I hear a language I had not
known:
Psa 81:6 "I relieved your shoulder of the burden; your hands were freed from the basket.
Psa 81:7 In distress you called, and I delivered you; I answered you in the secret place of thunder; I tested you
at the waters of Meribah. Selah
Psa 81:8 Hear, O my people, while I admonish you! O Israel, if you would but listen to me!
Psa 81:9 There shall be no strange god among you; you shall not bow down to a foreign god.
Psa 81:10 I am the LORD your God, who brought you up out of the land of Egypt. Open your mouth wide, and I
will fill it.
Psa 81:11 "But my people did not listen to my voice; Israel would not submit to me.
Psa 81:12 So I gave them over to their stubborn hearts, to follow their own counsels.
Psa 81:13 Oh, that my people would listen to me, that Israel would walk in my ways!
Psa 81:14 I would soon subdue their enemies and turn my hand against their foes.
Psa 81:15 Those who hate the LORD would cringe toward him, and their fate would last forever.
Psa 81:16 But he would feed you with the finest of the wheat, and with honey from the rock I would satisfy you."
Psa 82:1 A PSALM OF ASAPH. God has taken his place in the divine council; in the midst of the gods he holds
judgment:
Psa 82:2 "How long will you judge unjustly and show partiality to the wicked? Selah
Psa 82:3 Give justice to the weak and the fatherless; maintain the right of the afflicted and the destitute.
Psa 82:4 Rescue the weak and the needy; deliver them from the hand of the wicked."
Psa 82:5 They have neither knowledge nor understanding, they walk about in darkness; all the foundations of
the earth are shaken.
Psa 82:6 I said, "You are gods, sons of the Most High, all of you;
Psa 82:7 nevertheless, like men you shall die, and fall like any prince."
Psa 82:8 Arise, O God, judge the earth; for you shall inherit all the nations!
Psa 83:1 A SONG. A PSALM OF ASAPH.O God, do not keep silence; do not hold your peace or be still, O God!
Psa 83:2 For behold, your enemies make an uproar; those who hate you have raised their heads.
Psa 83:3 They lay crafty plans against your people; they consult together against your treasured ones.
Psa 83:4 They say, "Come, let us wipe them out as a nation; let the name of Israel be remembered no more!"
Psa 83:5 For they conspire with one accord; against you they make a covenantPsa 83:6 the tents of Edom and the Ishmaelites, Moab and the Hagrites,
Psa 83:7 Gebal and Ammon and Amalek, Philistia with the inhabitants of Tyre;
Psa 83:8 Asshur also has joined them; they are the strong arm of the children of Lot. Selah
Psa 83:9 Do to them as you did to Midian, as to Sisera and Jabin at the river Kishon,
Psa 83:10 who were destroyed at En-dor, who became dung for the ground.
Psa 83:11 Make their nobles like Oreb and Zeeb, all their princes like Zebah and Zalmunna,
Psa 83:12 who said, "Let us take possession for ourselves of the pastures of God."
Psa 83:13 O my God, make them like whirling dust, like chaff before the wind.
Psa 83:14 As fire consumes the forest, as the flame sets the mountains ablaze,
Psa 83:15 so may you pursue them with your tempest and terrify them with your hurricane!
Psa 83:16 Fill their faces with shame, that they may seek your name, O LORD.
Psa 83:17 Let them be put to shame and dismayed forever; let them perish in disgrace,
Psa 83:18 that they may know that you alone, whose name is the LORD, are the Most High over all the earth.
Psa 84:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: ACCORDING TO THE GITTITH. A PSALM OF THE SONS OF KORAH.
How lovely is your dwelling place, O LORD of hosts!
Psa 84:2 My soul longs, yes, faints for the courts of the LORD; my heart and flesh sing for joy to the living God.Psa 84:3 Even the sparrow finds a home, and the swallow a nest for herself, where she may lay her young, at
your altars, O LORD of hosts, my King and my God.
Psa 84:4 Blessed are those who dwell in your house, ever singing your praise! Selah
Psa 84:5 Blessed are those whose strength is in you, in whose heart are the highways to Zion.
Psa 84:6 As they go through the Valley of Baca they make it a place of springs; the early rain also covers it with
pools.
Psa 84:7 They go from strength to strength; each one appears before God in Zion.
Psa 84:8 O LORD God of hosts, hear my prayer; give ear, O God of Jacob! Selah
Psa 84:9 Behold our shield, O God; look on the face of your anointed!
Psa 84:10 For a day in your courts is better than a thousand elsewhere. I would rather be a doorkeeper in the
house of my God than dwell in the tents of wickedness.
Psa 84:11 For the LORD God is a sun and shield; the LORD bestows favor and honor. No good thing does he
withhold from those who walk uprightly.
Psa 84:12 O LORD of hosts, blessed is the one who trusts in you!
Psa 85:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. A PSALM OF THE SONS OF KORAH. LORD, you were favorable to your
land; you restored the fortunes of Jacob.
Psa 85:2 You forgave the iniquity of your people; you covered all their sin. Selah
Psa 85:3 You withdrew all your wrath; you turned from your hot anger.
Psa 85:4 Restore us again, O God of our salvation, and put away your indignation toward us!
Psa 85:5 Will you be angry with us forever? Will you prolong your anger to all generations?
Psa 85:6 Will you not revive us again, that your people may rejoice in you?
Psa 85:7 Show us your steadfast love, O LORD, and grant us your salvation.
Psa 85:8 Let me hear what God the LORD will speak, for he will speak peace to his people, to his saints; but let
them not turn back to folly.
Psa 85:9 Surely his salvation is near to those who fear him, that glory may dwell in our land.
Psa 85:10 Steadfast love and faithfulness meet; righteousness and peace kiss each other.
Psa 85:11 Faithfulness springs up from the ground, and righteousness looks down from the sky.
Psa 85:12 Yes, the LORD will give what is good, and our land will yield its increase.
Psa 85:13 Righteousness will go before him and make his footsteps a way.
Psa 86:1 A PRAYER OF DAVID. Incline your ear, O LORD, and answer me, for I am poor and needy.
Psa 86:2 Preserve my life, for I am godly; save your servant, who trusts in you- you are my God.
Psa 86:3 Be gracious to me, O Lord, for to you do I cry all the day.
Psa 86:4 Gladden the soul of your servant, for to you, O Lord, do I lift up my soul.
Psa 86:5 For you, O Lord, are good and forgiving, abounding in steadfast love to all who call upon you.
Psa 86:6 Give ear, O LORD, to my prayer; listen to my plea for grace.
Psa 86:7 In the day of my trouble I call upon you, for you answer me.
Psa 86:8 There is none like you among the gods, O Lord, nor are there any works like yours.
Psa 86:9 All the nations you have made shall come and worship before you, O Lord, and shall glorify your
name.
Psa 86:10 For you are great and do wondrous things; you alone are God.
Psa 86:11 Teach me your way, O LORD, that I may walk in your truth; unite my heart to fear your name.
Psa 86:12 I give thanks to you, O Lord my God, with my whole heart, and I will glorify your name forever.
Psa 86:13 For great is your steadfast love toward me; you have delivered my soul from the depths of Sheol.
Psa 86:14 O God, insolent men have risen up against me; a band of ruthless men seek my life, and they do not
set you before them.
Psa 86:15 But you, O Lord, are a God merciful and gracious, slow to anger and abounding in steadfast love and
faithfulness.
Psa 86:16 Turn to me and be gracious to me; give your strength to your servant, and save the son of your
maidservant.
Psa 86:17 Show me a sign of your favor, that those who hate me may see and be put to shame because you,
LORD, have helped me and comforted me.
Psa 87:1 A PSALM OF THE SONS OF KORAH. A SONG. On the holy mount stands the city he founded;
Psa 87:2 the LORD loves the gates of Zion more than all the dwelling places of Jacob.
Psa 87:3 Glorious things of you are spoken, O city of God. Selah
Psa 87:4 Among those who know me I mention Rahab and Babylon; behold, Philistia and Tyre, with Cush- "This
one was born there," they say.
Psa 87:5 And of Zion it shall be said, "This one and that one were born in her"; for the Most High himself will
establish her.
Psa 87:6 The LORD records as he registers the peoples, "This one was born there." SelahPsa 87:7 Singers and dancers alike say, "All my springs are in you."
Psa 88:1 A SONG. A PSALM OF THE SONS OF KORAH. TO THE CHOIRMASTER: ACCORDING TO
MAHALATH LEANNOTH. A MASKIL OF HEMAN THE EZRAHITE. O LORD, God of my salvation; I cry out day
and night before you.
Psa 88:2 Let my prayer come before you; incline your ear to my cry!
Psa 88:3 For my soul is full of troubles, and my life draws near to Sheol.
Psa 88:4 I am counted among those who go down to the pit; I am a man who has no strength,
Psa 88:5 like one set loose among the dead, like the slain that lie in the grave, like those whom you remember
no more, for they are cut off from your hand.
Psa 88:6 You have put me in the depths of the pit, in the regions dark and deep.
Psa 88:7 Your wrath lies heavy upon me, and you overwhelm me with all your waves. Selah
Psa 88:8 You have caused my companions to shun me; you have made me a horror to them. I am shut in so
that I cannot escape;
Psa 88:9 my eye grows dim through sorrow. Every day I call upon you, O LORD; I spread out my hands to you.
Psa 88:10 Do you work wonders for the dead? Do the departed rise up to praise you? Selah
Psa 88:11 Is your steadfast love declared in the grave, or your faithfulness in Abaddon?
Psa 88:12 Are your wonders known in the darkness, or your righteousness in the land of forgetfulness?
Psa 88:13 But I, O LORD, cry to you; in the morning my prayer comes before you.
Psa 88:14 O LORD, why do you cast my soul away? Why do you hide your face from me?
Psa 88:15 Afflicted and close to death from my youth up, I suffer your terrors; I am helpless.
Psa 88:16 Your wrath has swept over me; your dreadful assaults destroy me.
Psa 88:17 They surround me like a flood all day long; they close in on me together.
Psa 88:18 You have caused my beloved and my friend to shun me; my companions have become darkness.
Psa 89:1 A MASKIL OF ETHAN THE EZRAHITE. I will sing of the steadfast love of the LORD, forever; with my
mouth I will make known your faithfulness to all generations.
Psa 89:2 For I said, "Steadfast love will be built up forever; in the heavens you will establish your faithfulness."
Psa 89:3 You have said, "I have made a covenant with my chosen one; I have sworn to David my servant:
Psa 89:4 'I will establish your offspring forever, and build your throne for all generations.'"Selah
Psa 89:5 Let the heavens praise your wonders, O LORD, your faithfulness in the assembly of the holy ones!
Psa 89:6 For who in the skies can be compared to the LORD? Who among the heavenly beings is like the
LORD,
Psa 89:7 a God greatly to be feared in the council of the holy ones, and awesome above all who are around
him?
Psa 89:8 O LORD God of hosts, who is mighty as you are, O LORD, with your faithfulness all around you?
Psa 89:9 You rule the raging of the sea; when its waves rise, you still them.
Psa 89:10 You crushed Rahab like a carcass; you scattered your enemies with your mighty arm.
Psa 89:11 The heavens are yours; the earth also is yours; the world and all that is in it, you have founded them.
Psa 89:12 The north and the south, you have created them; Tabor and Hermon joyously praise your name.
Psa 89:13 You have a mighty arm; strong is your hand, high your right hand.
Psa 89:14 Righteousness and justice are the foundation of your throne; steadfast love and faithfulness go
before you.
Psa 89:15 Blessed are the people who know the festal shout, who walk, O LORD, in the light of your face,
Psa 89:16 who exult in your name all the day and in your righteousness are exalted.
Psa 89:17 For you are the glory of their strength; by your favor our horn is exalted.
Psa 89:18 For our shield belongs to the LORD, our king to the Holy One of Israel.
Psa 89:19 Of old you spoke in a vision to your godly one, and said: "I have granted help to one who is mighty; I
have exalted one chosen from the people.
Psa 89:20 I have found David, my servant; with my holy oil I have anointed him,
Psa 89:21 so that my hand shall be established with him; my arm also shall strengthen him.
Psa 89:22 The enemy shall not outwit him; the wicked shall not humble him.
Psa 89:23 I will crush his foes before him and strike down those who hate him.
Psa 89:24 My faithfulness and my steadfast love shall be with him, and in my name shall his horn be exalted.
Psa 89:25 I will set his hand on the sea and his right hand on the rivers.
Psa 89:26 He shall cry to me, 'You are my Father, my God, and the Rock of my salvation.'
Psa 89:27 And I will make him the firstborn, the highest of the kings of the earth.
Psa 89:28 My steadfast love I will keep for him forever, and my covenant will stand firm for him.
Psa 89:29 I will establish his offspring forever and his throne as the days of the heavens.
Psa 89:30 If his children forsake my law and do not walk according to my rules,
Psa 89:31 if they violate my statutes and do not keep my commandments,Psa 89:32 then I will punish their transgression with the rod and their iniquity with stripes,
Psa 89:33 but I will not remove from him my steadfast love or be false to my faithfulness.
Psa 89:34 I will not violate my covenant or alter the word that went forth from my lips.
Psa 89:35 Once for all I have sworn by my holiness; I will not lie to David.
Psa 89:36 His offspring shall endure forever, his throne as long as the sun before me.
Psa 89:37 Like the moon it shall be established forever, a faithful witness in the skies." Selah
Psa 89:38 But now you have cast off and rejected; you are full of wrath against your anointed.
Psa 89:39 You have renounced the covenant with your servant; you have defiled his crown in the dust.
Psa 89:40 You have breached all his walls; you have laid his strongholds in ruins.
Psa 89:41 All who pass by plunder him; he has become the scorn of his neighbors.
Psa 89:42 You have exalted the right hand of his foes; you have made all his enemies rejoice.
Psa 89:43 You have also turned back the edge of his sword, and you have not made him stand in battle.
Psa 89:44 You have made his splendor to cease and cast his throne to the ground.
Psa 89:45 You have cut short the days of his youth; you have covered him with shame. Selah
Psa 89:46 How long, O LORD? Will you hide yourself forever? How long will your wrath burn like fire?
Psa 89:47 Remember how short my time is! For what vanity you have created all the children of man!
Psa 89:48 What man can live and never see death? Who can deliver his soul from the power of Sheol? Selah
Psa 89:49 Lord, where is your steadfast love of old, which by your faithfulness you swore to David?
Psa 89:50 Remember, O Lord, how your servants are mocked, and how I bear in my heart the insults of all the
many nations,
Psa 89:51 with which your enemies mock, O LORD, with which they mock the footsteps of your anointed.
Psa 89:52 Blessed be the LORD forever! Amen and Amen. BOOK FOUR
Psa 90:1 A PRAYER OF MOSES, THE MAN OF GOD. Lord, you have been our dwelling place in all
generations.
Psa 90:2 Before the mountains were brought forth, or ever you had formed the earth and the world, from
everlasting to everlasting you are God.
Psa 90:3 You return man to dust and say, "Return, O children of man!"
Psa 90:4 For a thousand years in your sight are but as yesterday when it is past, or as, a watch in the night.
Psa 90:5 You sweep them away as with a flood; they are like a dream, like grass that is renewed in the morning:
Psa 90:6 in the morning it flourishes and is renewed; in the evening it fades and withers.
Psa 90:7 For we are brought to an end by your anger; by your wrath we are dismayed.
Psa 90:8 You have set our iniquities before you, our secret sins in the light of your presence.
Psa 90:9 For all our days pass away under your wrath; we bring our years to an end like a sigh.
Psa 90:10 The years of our life are seventy, or even by reason of strength eighty; yet their span is but toil and
trouble; they are soon gone, and we fly away.
Psa 90:11 Who considers the power of your anger, and your wrath according to the fear of you?
Psa 90:12 So teach us to number our days that we may get a heart of wisdom.
Psa 90:13 Return, O LORD! How long? Have pity on your servants!
Psa 90:14 Satisfy us in the morning with your steadfast love, that we may rejoice and be glad all our days.
Psa 90:15 Make us glad for as many days as you have afflicted us, and for as many years as we have seen
evil.
Psa 90:16 Let your work be shown to your servants, and your glorious power to their children.
Psa 90:17 Let the favor of the Lord our God be upon us, and establish the work of our hands upon us; yes,
establish the work of our hands!
Psa 91:1 He who dwells in the shelter of the Most High will abide in the shadow of the Almighty.
Psa 91:2 I will say to the LORD, "My refuge and my fortress, my God, in whom I trust."
Psa 91:3 For he will deliver you from the snare of the fowler and from the deadly pestilence.
Psa 91:4 He will cover you with his pinions, and under his wings you will find refuge; his faithfulness is a shield
and buckler.
Psa 91:5 You will not fear the terror of the night, nor the arrow that flies by day,
Psa 91:6 nor the pestilence that stalks in darkness, nor the destruction that wastes at noonday.
Psa 91:7 A thousand may fall at your side, ten thousand at your right hand, but it will not come near you.
Psa 91:8 You will only look with your eyes and see the recompense of the wicked.
Psa 91:9 Because you have made the LORD your dwelling place- the Most High, who is my refugePsa 91:10 no evil shall be allowed to befall you, no plague come near your tent.
Psa 91:11 For he will command his angels concerning you to guard you in all your ways.
Psa 91:12 On their hands they will bear you up, lest you strike your foot against a stone.
Psa 91:13 You will tread on the lion and the adder; the young lion and the serpent you will trample underfoot.
Psa 91:14 "Because he holds fast to me in love, I will deliver him; I will protect him, because he knows myname.
Psa 91:15 When he calls to me, I will answer him; I will be with him in trouble; I will rescue him and honor him.
Psa 91:16 With long life I will satisfy him and show him my salvation."
Psa 92:1 A PSALM. A SONG FOR THE SABBATH. It is good to give thanks to the LORD, to sing praises to
your name, O Most High;
Psa 92:2 to declare your steadfast love in the morning, and your faithfulness by night,
Psa 92:3 to the music of the lute and the harp, to the melody of the lyre.
Psa 92:4 For you, O LORD, have made me glad by your work; at the works of your hands I sing for joy.
Psa 92:5 How great are your works, O LORD! Your thoughts are very deep!
Psa 92:6 The stupid man cannot know; the fool cannot understand this:
Psa 92:7 that though the wicked sprout like grass and all evildoers flourish, they are doomed to destruction
forever;
Psa 92:8 but you, O LORD, are on high forever.
Psa 92:9 For behold, your enemies, O LORD, for behold, your enemies shall perish; all evildoers shall be
scattered.
Psa 92:10 But you have exalted my horn like that of the wild ox; you have poured over me fresh oil.
Psa 92:11 My eyes have seen the downfall of my enemies; my ears have heard the doom of my evil assailants.
Psa 92:12 The righteous flourish like the palm tree and grow like a cedar in Lebanon.
Psa 92:13 They are planted in the house of the LORD; they flourish in the courts of our God.
Psa 92:14 They still bear fruit in old age; they are ever full of sap and green,
Psa 92:15 to declare that the LORD is upright; he is my rock, and there is no unrighteousness in him.
Psa 93:1 The LORD reigns; he is robed in majesty; the LORD is robed; he has put on strength as his belt. Yes,
the world is established; it shall never be moved.
Psa 93:2 Your throne is established from of old; you are from everlasting.
Psa 93:3 The floods have lifted up, O LORD, the floods have lifted up their voice; the floods lift up their roaring.
Psa 93:4 Mightier than the thunders of many waters, mightier than the waves of the sea, the LORD on high is
mighty!
Psa 93:5 Your decrees are very trustworthy; holiness befits your house, O LORD, forevermore.
Psa 94:1 O LORD, God of vengeance,O God of vengeance, shine forth!!
Psa 94:2 Rise up, O judge of the earth; repay to the proud what they deserve!
Psa 94:3 O LORD, how long shall the wicked, how long shall the wicked exult?
Psa 94:4 They pour out their arrogant words; all the evildoers boast.
Psa 94:5 They crush your people, O LORD, and afflict your heritage.
Psa 94:6 They kill the widow and the sojourner, and murder the fatherless;
Psa 94:7 and they say, "The LORD does not see; the God of Jacob does not perceive."
Psa 94:8 Understand, O dullest of the people! Fools, when will you be wise?
Psa 94:9 He who planted the ear, does he not hear? He who formed the eye, does he not see?
Psa 94:10 He who disciplines the nations, does he not rebuke? He who teaches man knowledgePsa 94:11 the LORD- knows the thoughts of man, that they are but a breath.
Psa 94:12 Blessed is the man whom you discipline, O LORD, and whom you teach out of your law,
Psa 94:13 to give him rest from days of trouble, until a pit is dug for the wicked.
Psa 94:14 For the LORD will not forsake his people; he will not abandon his heritage;
Psa 94:15 for justice will return to the righteous, and all the upright in heart will follow it.
Psa 94:16 Who rises up for me against the wicked? Who stands up for me against evildoers?
Psa 94:17 If the LORD had not been my help, my soul would soon have lived in the land of silence.
Psa 94:18 When I thought, "My foot slips," your steadfast love, O LORD, held me up.
Psa 94:19 When the cares of my heart are many, your consolations cheer my soul.
Psa 94:20 Can wicked rulers be allied with you, those who frame injustice by statute?
Psa 94:21 They band together against the life of the righteous and condemn the innocent to death.
Psa 94:22 But the LORD has become my stronghold, and my God the rock of my refuge.
Psa 94:23 He will bring back on them their iniquity and wipe them out for their wickedness; the LORD our God
will wipe them out.
Psa 95:1 Oh come, let us sing to the LORD; let us make a joyful noise to the rock of our salvation!
Psa 95:2 Let us come into his presence with thanksgiving; let us make a joyful noise to him with songs of praise!
Psa 95:3 For the LORD is a great God, and a great King above all gods.
Psa 95:4 In his hand are the depths of the earth; the heights of the mountains are his also.
Psa 95:5 The sea is his, for he made it, and his hands formed the dry land.
Psa 95:6 Oh come, let us worship and bow down; let us kneel before the LORD, our Maker!
Psa 95:7 For he is our God, and we are the people of his pasture, and the sheep of his hand. Today, if you hearhis voice,
Psa 95:8 do not harden your hearts, as at Meribah, as on the day at Massah in the wilderness,
Psa 95:9 when your fathers put me to the test and put me to the proof, though they had seen my work.
Psa 95:10 For forty years I loathed that generation and said, "They are a people who go astray in their heart,
and they have not known my ways."
Psa 95:11 Therefore I swore in my wrath, "They shall not enter my rest."
Psa 96:1 Oh sing to the LORD a new song; sing to the LORD, all the earth!
Psa 96:2 Sing to the LORD, bless his name; tell of his salvation from day to day.
Psa 96:3 Declare his glory among the nations, his marvelous works among all the peoples!
Psa 96:4 For great is the LORD, and greatly to be praised; he is to be feared above all gods.
Psa 96:5 For all the gods of the peoples are worthless idols, but the LORD made the heavens.
Psa 96:6 Splendor and majesty are before him; strength and beauty are in his sanctuary.
Psa 96:7 Ascribe to the LORD, O families of the peoples, ascribe to the LORD glory and strength!
Psa 96:8 Ascribe to the LORD the glory due his name; bring an offering, and come into his courts!
Psa 96:9 Worship the LORD in the splendor of holiness; tremble before him, all the earth!
Psa 96:10 Say among the nations, "The LORD reigns! Yes, the world is established; it shall never be moved; he
will judge the peoples with equity."
Psa 96:11 Let the heavens be glad, and let the earth rejoice; let the sea roar, and all that fills it;
Psa 96:12 let the field exult, and everything in it! Then shall all the trees of the forest sing for joy
Psa 96:13 before the LORD, for he comes, for he comes to judge the earth. He will judge the world in
righteousness, and the peoples in his faithfulness.
Psa 97:1 The LORD reigns, let the earth rejoice; let the many coastlands be glad!
Psa 97:2 Clouds and thick darkness are all around him; righteousness and justice are the foundation of his
throne.
Psa 97:3 Fire goes before him and burns up his adversaries all around.
Psa 97:4 His lightnings light up the world; the earth sees and trembles.
Psa 97:5 The mountains melt like wax before the LORD, before the Lord of all the earth.
Psa 97:6 The heavens proclaim his righteousness, and all the peoples see his glory.
Psa 97:7 All worshipers of images are put to shame, who make their boast in worthless idols; worship him, all
you gods!
Psa 97:8 Zion hears and is glad, and the daughters of Judah rejoice, because of your judgments, O LORD.
Psa 97:9 For you, O LORD, are most high over all the earth; you are exalted far above all gods.
Psa 97:10 O you who love the LORD, hate evil! He preserves the lives of his saints; he delivers them from the
hand of the wicked.
Psa 97:11 Light is sown for the righteous, and joy for the upright in heart.
Psa 97:12 Rejoice in the LORD, O you righteous, and give thanks to his holy name!
Psa 98:1 A PSALM.Oh sing to the LORD a new song, for he has done marvelous things! His right hand and his
holy arm have worked salvation for him.
Psa 98:2 The LORD has made known his salvation; he has revealed his righteousness in the sight of the
nations.
Psa 98:3 He has remembered his steadfast love and faithfulness to the house of Israel. All the ends of the earth
have seen the salvation of our God.
Psa 98:4 Make a joyful noise to the LORD, all the earth; break forth into joyous song and sing praises!
Psa 98:5 Sing praises to the LORD with the lyre, with the lyre and the sound of melody!
Psa 98:6 With trumpets and the sound of the horn make a joyful noise before the King, the LORD!
Psa 98:7 Let the sea roar, and all that fills it; the world and those who dwell in it!
Psa 98:8 Let the rivers clap their hands; let the hills sing for joy together
Psa 98:9 before the LORD, for he comes to judge the earth. He will judge the world with righteousness, and the
peoples with equity.
Psa 99:1 The LORD reigns; let the peoples tremble! He sits enthroned upon the cherubim; let the earth quake!
Psa 99:2 The LORD is great in Zion; he is exalted over all the peoples.
Psa 99:3 Let them praise your great and awesome name! Holy is he!
Psa 99:4 The King in his might loves justice. You have established equity; you have executed justice and
righteousness in Jacob.
Psa 99:5 Exalt the LORD our God; worship at his footstool! Holy is he!
Psa 99:6 Moses and Aaron were among his priests, Samuel also was among those who called upon his name.
They called to the LORD, and he answered them.
Psa 99:7 In the pillar of the cloud he spoke to them; they kept his testimonies and the statute that he gave them.
Psa 99:8 O LORD our God, you answered them; you were a forgiving God to them, but an avenger of theirwrongdoings.
Psa 99:9 Exalt the LORD our God, and worship at his holy mountain; for the LORD our God is holy!
Psa 100:1 A PSALM FOR GIVING THANKS. Make a joyful noise to the LORD, all the earth!
Psa 100:2 Serve the LORD with gladness! Come into his presence with singing!
Psa 100:3 Know that the LORD, he is God! It is he who made us, and we are his; we are his people, and the
sheep of his pasture.
Psa 100:4 Enter his gates with thanksgiving, and his courts with praise! Give thanks to him; bless his name!
Psa 100:5 For the LORD is good; his steadfast love endures forever, and his faithfulness to all generations.
Psa 101:1 A PSALM OF DAVID.I will sing of steadfast love and justice; to you, O LORD, I will make music.
Psa 101:2 I will ponder the way that is blameless. Oh when will you come to me? I will walk with integrity of
heart within my house;
Psa 101:3 I will not set before my eyes anything that is worthless. I hate the work of those who fall away; it shall
not cling to me.
Psa 101:4 A perverse heart shall be far from me; I will know nothing of evil.
Psa 101:5 Whoever slanders his neighbor secretly I will destroy. Whoever has a haughty look and an arrogant
heart I will not endure.
Psa 101:6 I will look with favor on the faithful in the land, that they may dwell with me; he who walks in the way
that is blameless shall minister to me.
Psa 101:7 No one who practices deceit shall dwell in my house; no one who utters lies shall continue before my
eyes.
Psa 101:8 Morning by morning I will destroy all the wicked in the land, cutting off all the evildoers from the city of
the LORD.
Psa 102:1 A PRAYER OF ONE AFFLICTED, WHEN HE IS FAINT AND POURS OUT HIS COMPLAINT
BEFORE THE LORD. Hear my prayer, O LORD; let my cry come to you!
Psa 102:2 Do not hide your face from me in the day of my distress! Incline your ear to me; answer me speedily
in the day when I call!
Psa 102:3 For my days pass away like smoke, and my bones burn like a furnace.
Psa 102:4 My heart is struck down like grass and has withered; I forget to eat my bread.
Psa 102:5 Because of my loud groaning my bones cling to my flesh.
Psa 102:6 I am like a desert owl of the wilderness, like an owl of the waste places;
Psa 102:7 I lie awake; I am like a lonely sparrow on the housetop.
Psa 102:8 All the day my enemies taunt me; those who deride me use my name for a curse.
Psa 102:9 For I eat ashes like bread and mingle tears with my drink,
Psa 102:10 because of your indignation and anger; for you have taken me up and thrown me down.
Psa 102:11 My days are like an evening shadow; I wither away like grass.
Psa 102:12 But you, O LORD, are enthroned forever; you are remembered throughout all generations.
Psa 102:13 You will arise and have pity on Zion; it is the time to favor her; the appointed time has come.
Psa 102:14 For your servants hold her stones dear and have pity on her dust.
Psa 102:15 Nations will fear the name of the LORD, and all the kings of the earth will fear your glory.
Psa 102:16 For the LORD builds up Zion; he appears in his glory;
Psa 102:17 he regards the prayer of the destitute and does not despise their prayer.
Psa 102:18 Let this be recorded for a generation to come, so that a people yet to be created may praise the
LORD:
Psa 102:19 that he looked down from his holy height; from heaven the LORD looked at the earth,
Psa 102:20 to hear the groans of the prisoners, to set free those who were doomed to die,
Psa 102:21 that they may declare in Zion the name of the LORD, and in Jerusalem his praise,
Psa 102:22 when peoples gather together, and kingdoms, to worship the LORD.
Psa 102:23 He has broken my strength in midcourse; he has shortened my days.
Psa 102:24 "O my God," I say, "take me not away in the midst of my days- you whose years endure throughout
all generations!"
Psa 102:25 Of old you laid the foundation of the earth, and the heavens are the work of your hands.
Psa 102:26 They will perish, but you will remain; they will all wear out like a garment. You will change them like
a robe, and they will pass away,
Psa 102:27 but you are the same, and your years have no end.
Psa 102:28 The children of your servants shall dwell secure; their offspring shall be established before you.
Psa 103:1 OF DAVID. Bless the LORD, O my soul, and all that is within me, bless his holy name!
Psa 103:2 Bless the LORD, O my soul, and forget not all his benefits,
Psa 103:3 who forgives all your iniquity, who heals all your diseases,
Psa 103:4 who redeems your life from the pit, who crowns you with steadfast love and mercy,Psa 103:5 who satisfies you with good so that your youth is renewed like the eagle's.
Psa 103:6 The LORD works righteousness and justice for all who are oppressed.
Psa 103:7 He made known his ways to Moses, his acts to the people of Israel.
Psa 103:8 The LORD is merciful and gracious, slow to anger and abounding in steadfast love.
Psa 103:9 He will not always chide, nor will he keep his anger forever.
Psa 103:10 He does not deal with us according to our sins, nor repay us according to our iniquities.
Psa 103:11 For as high as the heavens are above the earth, so great is his steadfast love toward those who
fear him;
Psa 103:12 as far as the east is from the west, so far does he remove our transgressions from us.
Psa 103:13 As a father shows compassion to his children, so the LORD shows compassion to those who fear
him.
Psa 103:14 For he knows our frame; he remembers that we are dust.
Psa 103:15 As for man, his days are like grass; he flourishes like a flower of the field;
Psa 103:16 for the wind passes over it, and it is gone, and its place knows it no more.
Psa 103:17 But the steadfast love of the LORD is from everlasting to everlasting on those who fear him, and his
righteousness to children's children,
Psa 103:18 to those who keep his covenant and remember to do his commandments.
Psa 103:19 The LORD has established his throne in the heavens, and his kingdom rules over all.
Psa 103:20 Bless the LORD, O you his angels, you mighty ones who do his word, obeying the voice of his word!
Psa 103:21 Bless the LORD, all his hosts, his ministers, who do his will!
Psa 103:22 Bless the LORD, all his works, in all places of his dominion. Bless the LORD, O my soul!
Psa 104:1 Bless the LORD, O my soul!O LORD my God, you are very great! You are clothed with splendor and
majesty,
Psa 104:2 covering yourself with light as with a garment, stretching out the heavens like a tent.
Psa 104:3 He lays the beams of his chambers on the waters; he makes the clouds his chariot; he rides on the
wings of the wind;
Psa 104:4 he makes his messengers winds, his ministers a flaming fire.
Psa 104:5 He set the earth on its foundations, so that it should never be moved.
Psa 104:6 You covered it with the deep as with a garment; the waters stood above the mountains.
Psa 104:7 At your rebuke they fled; at the sound of your thunder they took to flight.
Psa 104:8 The mountains rose, the valleys sank down to the place that you appointed for them.
Psa 104:9 You set a boundary that they may not pass, so that they might not again cover the earth.
Psa 104:10 You make springs gush forth in the valleys; they flow between the hills;
Psa 104:11 they give drink to every beast of the field; the wild donkeys quench their thirst.
Psa 104:12 Beside them the birds of the heavens dwell; they sing among the branches.
Psa 104:13 From your lofty abode you water the mountains; the earth is satisfied with the fruit of your work.
Psa 104:14 You cause the grass to grow for the livestock and plants for man to cultivate, that he may bring forth
food from the earth
Psa 104:15 and wine to gladden the heart of man, oil to make his face shine and bread to strengthen man's
heart.
Psa 104:16 The trees of the LORD are watered abundantly, the cedars of Lebanon that he planted.
Psa 104:17 In them the birds build their nests; the stork has her home in the fir trees.
Psa 104:18 The high mountains are for the wild goats; the rocks are a refuge for the rock badgers.
Psa 104:19 He made the moon to mark the seasons; the sun knows its time for setting.
Psa 104:20 You make darkness, and it is night, when all the beasts of the forest creep about.
Psa 104:21 The young lions roar for their prey, seeking their food from God.
Psa 104:22 When the sun rises, they steal away and lie down in their dens.
Psa 104:23 Man goes out to his work and to his labor until the evening.
Psa 104:24 O LORD, how manifold are your works! In wisdom have you made them all; the earth is full of your
creatures.
Psa 104:25 Here is the sea, great and wide, which teems with creatures innumerable, living things both small
and great.
Psa 104:26 There go the ships, and Leviathan, which you formed to play in it.
Psa 104:27 These all look to you, to give them their food in due season.
Psa 104:28 When you give it to them, they gather it up; when you open your hand, they are filled with good
things.
Psa 104:29 When you hide your face, they are dismayed; when you take away their breath, they die and return
to their dust.
Psa 104:30 When you send forth your Spirit, they are created, and you renew the face of the ground.Psa 104:31 May the glory of the LORD endure forever; may the LORD rejoice in his works,
Psa 104:32 who looks on the earth and it trembles, who touches the mountains and they smoke!
Psa 104:33 I will sing to the LORD as long as I live; I will sing praise to my God while I have being.
Psa 104:34 May my meditation be pleasing to him, for I rejoice in the LORD.
Psa 104:35 Let sinners be consumed from the earth, and let the wicked be no more! Bless the LORD, O my
soul! Praise the LORD!
Psa 105:1 Oh give thanks to the LORD; call upon his name; make known his deeds among the peoples!
Psa 105:2 Sing to him, sing praises to him; tell of all his wondrous works!
Psa 105:3 Glory in his holy name; let the hearts of those who seek the LORD rejoice!
Psa 105:4 Seek the LORD and his strength; seek his presence continually!
Psa 105:5 Remember the wondrous works that he has done, his miracles, and the judgments he uttered,
Psa 105:6 O offspring of Abraham, his servant, children of Jacob, his chosen ones!
Psa 105:7 He is the LORD our God; his judgments are in all the earth.
Psa 105:8 He remembers his covenant forever, the word that he commanded, for a thousand generations,
Psa 105:9 the covenant that he made with Abraham, his sworn promise to Isaac,
Psa 105:10 which he confirmed to Jacob as a statute, to Israel as an everlasting covenant,
Psa 105:11 saying, "To you I will give the land of Canaan as your portion for an inheritance."
Psa 105:12 When they were few in number, of little account, and sojourners in it,
Psa 105:13 wandering from nation to nation, from one kingdom to another people,
Psa 105:14 he allowed no one to oppress them; he rebuked kings on their account,
Psa 105:15 saying, "Touch not my anointed ones, do my prophets no harm!"
Psa 105:16 When he summoned a famine on the land and broke all supply of bread,
Psa 105:17 he had sent a man ahead of them, Joseph, who was sold as a slave.
Psa 105:18 His feet were hurt with fetters; his neck was put in a collar of iron;
Psa 105:19 until what he had said came to pass, the word of the LORD tested him.
Psa 105:20 The king sent and released him; the ruler of the peoples set him free;
Psa 105:21 he made him lord of his house and ruler of all his possessions,
Psa 105:22 to bind his princes at his pleasure and to teach his elders wisdom.
Psa 105:23 Then Israel came to Egypt; Jacob sojourned in the land of Ham.
Psa 105:24 And the LORD made his people very fruitful and made them stronger than their foes.
Psa 105:25 He turned their hearts to hate his people, to deal craftily with his servants.
Psa 105:26 He sent Moses, his servant, and Aaron, whom he had chosen.
Psa 105:27 They performed his signs among them and miracles in the land of Ham.
Psa 105:28 He sent darkness, and made the land dark; they did not rebel against his words.
Psa 105:29 He turned their waters into blood and caused their fish to die.
Psa 105:30 Their land swarmed with frogs, even in the chambers of their kings.
Psa 105:31 He spoke, and there came swarms of flies, and gnats throughout their country.
Psa 105:32 He gave them hail for rain, and fiery lightning bolts through their land.
Psa 105:33 He struck down their vines and fig trees, and shattered the trees of their country.
Psa 105:34 He spoke, and the locusts came, young locusts without number,
Psa 105:35 which devoured all the vegetation in their land and ate up the fruit of their ground.
Psa 105:36 He struck down all the firstborn in their land, the firstfruits of all their strength.
Psa 105:37 Then he brought out Israel with silver and gold, and there was none among his tribes who stumbled.
Psa 105:38 Egypt was glad when they departed, for dread of them had fallen upon it.
Psa 105:39 He spread a cloud for a covering, and fire to give light by night.
Psa 105:40 They asked, and he brought quail, and gave them bread from heaven in abundance.
Psa 105:41 He opened the rock, and water gushed out; it flowed through the desert like a river.
Psa 105:42 For he remembered his holy promise, and Abraham, his servant.
Psa 105:43 So he brought his people out with joy, his chosen ones with singing.
Psa 105:44 And he gave them the lands of the nations, and they took possession of the fruit of the peoples' toil,
Psa 105:45 that they might keep his statutes and observe his laws. Praise the LORD!
Psa 106:1 Praise the LORD! Oh give thanks to the LORD, for he is good, for his steadfast love endures forever!
Psa 106:2 Who can utter the mighty deeds of the LORD, or declare all his praise?
Psa 106:3 Blessed are they who observe justice, who do righteousness at all times!
Psa 106:4 Remember me, O LORD, when you show favor to your people; help me when you save them,
Psa 106:5 that I may look upon the prosperity of your chosen ones, that I may rejoice in the gladness of your
nation, that I may glory with your inheritance.
Psa 106:6 Both we and our fathers have sinned; we have committed iniquity; we have done wickedness.
Psa 106:7 Our fathers, when they were in Egypt, did not consider your wondrous works; they did not rememberthe abundance of your steadfast love, but rebelled by the Sea, at the Red Sea.
Psa 106:8 Yet he saved them for his name's sake, that he might make known his mighty power.
Psa 106:9 He rebuked the Red Sea, and it became dry, and he led them through the deep as through a desert.
Psa 106:10 So he saved them from the hand of the foe and redeemed them from the power of the enemy.
Psa 106:11 And the waters covered their adversaries; not one of them was left.
Psa 106:12 Then they believed his words; they sang his praise.
Psa 106:13 But they soon forgot his works; they did not wait for his counsel.
Psa 106:14 But they had a wanton craving in the wilderness, and put God to the test in the desert;
Psa 106:15 he gave them what they asked, but sent a wasting disease among them.
Psa 106:16 When men in the camp were jealous of Moses and Aaron, the holy one of the LORD,
Psa 106:17 the earth opened and swallowed up Dathan, and covered the company of Abiram.
Psa 106:18 Fire also broke out in their company; the flame burned up the wicked.
Psa 106:19 They made a calf in Horeb and worshiped a metal image.
Psa 106:20 They exchanged the glory of God for the image of an ox that eats grass.
Psa 106:21 They forgot God, their Savior, who had done great things in Egypt,
Psa 106:22 wondrous works in the land of Ham, and awesome deeds by the Red Sea.
Psa 106:23 Therefore he said he would destroy them- had not Moses, his chosen one, stood in the breach
before him, to turn away his wrath from destroying them.
Psa 106:24 Then they despised the pleasant land, having no faith in his promise.
Psa 106:25 They murmured in their tents, and did not obey the voice of the LORD.
Psa 106:26 Therefore he raised his hand and swore to them that he would make them fall in the wilderness,
Psa 106:27 and would make their offspring fall among the nations, scattering them among the lands.
Psa 106:28 Then they yoked themselves to the Baal of Peor, and ate sacrifices offered to the dead;
Psa 106:29 they provoked the LORD to anger with their deeds, and a plague broke out among them.
Psa 106:30 Then Phinehas stood up and intervened, and the plague was stayed.
Psa 106:31 And that was counted to him as righteousness from generation to generation forever.
Psa 106:32 They angered him at the waters of Meribah, and it went ill with Moses on their account,
Psa 106:33 for they made his spirit bitter, and he spoke rashly with his lips.
Psa 106:34 They did not destroy the peoples, as the LORD commanded them,
Psa 106:35 but they mixed with the nations and learned to do as they did.
Psa 106:36 They served their idols, which became a snare to them.
Psa 106:37 They sacrificed their sons and their daughters to the demons;
Psa 106:38 they poured out innocent blood, the blood of their sons and daughters, whom they sacrificed to the
idols of Canaan, and the land was polluted with blood.
Psa 106:39 Thus they became unclean by their acts, and played the whore in their deeds.
Psa 106:40 Then the anger of the LORD was kindled against his people, and he abhorred his heritage;
Psa 106:41 he gave them into the hand of the nations, so that those who hated them ruled over them.
Psa 106:42 Their enemies oppressed them, and they were brought into subjection under their power.
Psa 106:43 Many times he delivered them, but they were rebellious in their purposes and were brought low
through their iniquity.
Psa 106:44 Nevertheless, he looked upon their distress, when he heard their cry.
Psa 106:45 For their sake he remembered his covenant, and relented according to the abundance of his
steadfast love.
Psa 106:46 He caused them to be pitied by all those who held them captive.
Psa 106:47 Save us, O LORD our God, and gather us from among the nations, that we may give thanks to your
holy name and glory in your praise.
Psa 106:48 Blessed be the LORD, the God of Israel, from everlasting to everlasting! And let all the people say,
"Amen!" Praise the LORD! BOOK FIVE
Psa 107:1 Oh give thanks to the LORD, for he is good, for his steadfast love endures forever!
Psa 107:2 Let the redeemed of the LORD say so, whom he has redeemed from trouble
Psa 107:3 and gathered in from the lands, from the east and from the west, from the north and from the south.
Psa 107:4 Some wandered in desert wastes, finding no way to a city to dwell in;
Psa 107:5 hungry and thirsty, their soul fainted within them.
Psa 107:6 Then they cried to the LORD in their trouble, and he delivered them from their distress.
Psa 107:7 He led them by a straight way till they reached a city to dwell in.
Psa 107:8 Let them thank the LORD for his steadfast love, for his wondrous works to the children of men!
Psa 107:9 For he satisfies the longing soul, and the hungry soul he fills with good things.
Psa 107:10 Some sat in darkness and in the shadow of death, prisoners in affliction and in irons,
Psa 107:11 for they had rebelled against the words of God, and spurned the counsel of the Most High.Psa 107:12 So he bowed their hearts down with hard labor; they fell down, with none to help.
Psa 107:13 Then they cried to the LORD in their trouble, and he delivered them from their distress.
Psa 107:14 He brought them out of darkness and the shadow of death, and burst their bonds apart.
Psa 107:15 Let them thank the LORD for his steadfast love, for his wondrous works to the children of men!
Psa 107:16 For he shatters the doors of bronze and cuts in two the bars of iron.
Psa 107:17 Some were fools through their sinful ways, and because of their iniquities suffered affliction;
Psa 107:18 they loathed any kind of food, and they drew near to the gates of death.
Psa 107:19 Then they cried to the LORD in their trouble, and he delivered them from their distress.
Psa 107:20 He sent out his word and healed them, and delivered them from their destruction.
Psa 107:21 Let them thank the LORD for his steadfast love, for his wondrous works to the children of men!
Psa 107:22 And let them offer sacrifices of thanksgiving, and tell of his deeds in songs of joy!
Psa 107:23 Some went down to the sea in ships, doing business on the great waters;
Psa 107:24 they saw the deeds of the LORD, his wondrous works in the deep.
Psa 107:25 For he commanded and raised the stormy wind, which lifted up the waves of the sea.
Psa 107:26 They mounted up to heaven; they went down to the depths; their courage melted away in their evil
plight;
Psa 107:27 they reeled and staggered like drunken men and were at their wits' end.
Psa 107:28 Then they cried to the LORD in their trouble, and he delivered them from their distress.
Psa 107:29 He made the storm be still, and the waves of the sea were hushed.
Psa 107:30 Then they were glad that the waters were quiet, and he brought them to their desired haven.
Psa 107:31 Let them thank the LORD for his steadfast love, for his wondrous works to the children of men!
Psa 107:32 Let them extol him in the congregation of the people, and praise him in the assembly of the elders.
Psa 107:33 He turns rivers into a desert, springs of water into thirsty ground,
Psa 107:34 a fruitful land into a salty waste, because of the evil of its inhabitants.
Psa 107:35 He turns a desert into pools of water, a parched land into springs of water.
Psa 107:36 And there he lets the hungry dwell, and they establish a city to live in;
Psa 107:37 they sow fields and plant vineyards and get a fruitful yield.
Psa 107:38 By his blessing they multiply greatly, and he does not let their livestock diminish.
Psa 107:39 When they are diminished and brought low through oppression, evil, and sorrow,
Psa 107:40 he pours contempt on princes and makes them wander in trackless wastes;
Psa 107:41 but he raises up the needy out of affliction and makes their families like flocks.
Psa 107:42 The upright see it and are glad, and all wickedness shuts its mouth.
Psa 107:43 Whoever is wise, let him attend to these things; let them consider the steadfast love of the LORD.
Psa 108:1 A SONG. A PSALM OF DAVID. My heart is steadfast, O God! I will sing and make melody with all my
being!
Psa 108:2 Awake, O harp and lyre! I will awake the dawn!
Psa 108:3 I will give thanks to you, O LORD, among the peoples; I will sing praises to you among the nations.
Psa 108:4 For your steadfast love is great above the heavens; your faithfulness reaches to the clouds.
Psa 108:5 Be exalted, O God, above the heavens! Let your glory be over all the earth!
Psa 108:6 That your beloved ones may be delivered, give salvation by your right hand and answer me!
Psa 108:7 God has promised in his holiness: "With exultation I will divide up Shechem and portion out the
Valley of Succoth.
Psa 108:8 Gilead is mine; Manasseh is mine; Ephraim is my helmet, Judah my scepter.
Psa 108:9 Moab is my washbasin; upon Edom I cast my shoe; over Philistia I shout in triumph."
Psa 108:10 Who will bring me to the fortified city? Who will lead me to Edom?
Psa 108:11 Have you not rejected us, O God? You do not go out, O God, with our armies.
Psa 108:12 Oh grant us help against the foe, for vain is the salvation of man!
Psa 108:13 With God we shall do valiantly; it is he who will tread down our foes.
Psa 109:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. A PSALM OF DAVID. Be not silent, O God of my praise!
Psa 109:2 For wicked and deceitful mouths are opened against me, speaking against me with lying tongues.
Psa 109:3 They encircle me with words of hate, and attack me without cause.
Psa 109:4 In return for my love they accuse me, but I give myself to prayer.
Psa 109:5 So they reward me evil for good, and hatred for my love.
Psa 109:6 Appoint a wicked man against him; let an accuser stand at his right hand.
Psa 109:7 When he is tried, let him come forth guilty; let his prayer be counted as sin!
Psa 109:8 May his days be few; may another take his office!
Psa 109:9 May his children be fatherless and his wife a widow!
Psa 109:10 May his children wander about and beg, seeking food far from the ruins they inhabit!
Psa 109:11 May the creditor seize all that he has; may strangers plunder the fruits of his toil!Psa 109:12 Let there be none to extend kindness to him, nor any to pity his fatherless children!
Psa 109:13 May his posterity be cut off; may his name be blotted out in the second generation!
Psa 109:14 May the iniquity of his fathers be remembered before the LORD, and let not the sin of his mother be
blotted out!
Psa 109:15 Let them be before the LORD continually, that he may cut off the memory of them from the earth!
Psa 109:16 For he did not remember to show kindness, but pursued the poor and needy and the
brokenhearted, to put them to death.
Psa 109:17 He loved to curse; let curses come upon him! He did not delight in blessing; may it be far from him!
Psa 109:18 He clothed himself with cursing as his coat; may it soak into his body like water, like oil into his
bones!
Psa 109:19 May it be like a garment that he wraps around him, like a belt that he puts on every day!
Psa 109:20 May this be the reward of my accusers from the LORD, of those who speak evil against my life!
Psa 109:21 But you, O GOD my Lord, deal on my behalf for your name's sake; because your steadfast love is
good, deliver me!
Psa 109:22 For I am poor and needy, and my heart is stricken within me.
Psa 109:23 I am gone like a shadow at evening; I am shaken off like a locust.
Psa 109:24 My knees are weak through fasting; my body has become gaunt, with no fat.
Psa 109:25 I am an object of scorn to my accusers; when they see me, they wag their heads.
Psa 109:26 Help me, O LORD my God! Save me according to your steadfast love!
Psa 109:27 Let them know that this is your hand; you, O LORD, have done it!
Psa 109:28 Let them curse, but you will bless! They arise and are put to shame, but your servant will be glad!
Psa 109:29 May my accusers be clothed with dishonor; may they be wrapped in their own shame as in a cloak!
Psa 109:30 With my mouth I will give great thanks to the LORD; I will praise him in the midst of the throng.
Psa 109:31 For he stands at the right hand of the needy, to save him from those who condemn his soul to
death.
Psa 110:1 A PSALM OF DAVID. The LORD says to my Lord: "Sit at my right hand, until I make your enemies
your footstool."
Psa 110:2 The LORD sends forth from Zion your mighty scepter. Rule in the midst of your enemies!
Psa 110:3 Your people will offer themselves freely on the day of your power, in holy garments; from the womb
of the morning, the dew of your youth will be yours.
Psa 110:4 The LORD has sworn and will not change his mind, "You are a priest forever after the order of
Melchizedek."
Psa 110:5 The Lord is at your right hand; he will shatter kings on the day of his wrath.
Psa 110:6 He will execute judgment among the nations, filling them with corpses; he will shatter chiefs over the
wide earth.
Psa 110:7 He will drink from the brook by the way; therefore he will lift up his head.
Psa 111:1 Praise the LORD!I will give thanks to the LORD with my whole heart, in the company of the upright,
in the congregation.
Psa 111:2 Great are the works of the LORD, studied by all who delight in them.
Psa 111:3 Full of splendor and majesty is his work, and his righteousness endures forever.
Psa 111:4 He has caused his wondrous works to be remembered; the LORD is gracious and merciful.
Psa 111:5 He provides food for those who fear him; he remembers his covenant forever.
Psa 111:6 He has shown his people the power of his works, in giving them the inheritance of the nations.
Psa 111:7 The works of his hands are faithful and just; all his precepts are trustworthy;
Psa 111:8 they are established forever and ever, to be performed with faithfulness and uprightness.
Psa 111:9 He sent redemption to his people; he has commanded his covenant forever. Holy and awesome is
his name!
Psa 111:10 The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom; all those who practice it have a good
understanding. His praise endures forever!
Psa 112:1 Praise the LORD! Blessed is the man who fears the LORD, who greatly delights in his
commandments!
Psa 112:2 His offspring will be mighty in the land; the generation of the upright will be blessed.
Psa 112:3 Wealth and riches are in his house, and his righteousness endures forever.
Psa 112:4 Light dawns in the darkness for the upright; he is gracious, merciful, and righteous.
Psa 112:5 It is well with the man who deals generously and lends; who conducts his affairs with justice.
Psa 112:6 For the righteous will never be moved; he will be remembered forever.
Psa 112:7 He is not afraid of bad news; his heart is firm, trusting in the LORD.
Psa 112:8 His heart is steady; he will not be afraid, until he looks in triumph on his adversaries.
Psa 112:9 He has distributed freely; he has given to the poor; his righteousness endures forever; his horn isexalted in honor.
Psa 112:10 The wicked man sees it and is angry; he gnashes his teeth and melts away; the desire of the wicked
will perish!
Psa 113:1 Praise the LORD! Praise, O servants of the LORD, praise the name of the LORD!
Psa 113:2 Blessed be the name of the LORD from this time forth and forevermore!
Psa 113:3 From the rising of the sun to its setting, the name of the LORD is to be praised!
Psa 113:4 The LORD is high above all nations, and his glory above the heavens!
Psa 113:5 Who is like the LORD our God, who is seated on high,
Psa 113:6 who looks far down on the heavens and the earth?
Psa 113:7 He raises the poor from the dust and lifts the needy from the ash heap,
Psa 113:8 to make them sit with princes, with the princes of his people.
Psa 113:9 He gives the barren woman a home, making her the joyous mother of children. Praise the LORD!
Psa 114:1 When Israel went out from Egypt, the house of Jacob from a people of strange language,
Psa 114:2 Judah became his sanctuary, Israel his dominion.
Psa 114:3 The sea looked and fled; Jordan turned back.
Psa 114:4 The mountains skipped like rams, the hills like lambs.
Psa 114:5 What ails you, O sea, that you flee? O Jordan, that you turn back?
Psa 114:6 O mountains, that you skip like rams? O hills, like lambs?
Psa 114:7 Tremble, O earth, at the presence of the Lord, at the presence of the God of Jacob,
Psa 114:8 who turns the rock into a pool of water, the flint into a spring of water.
Psa 115:1 Not to us, O LORD, not to us, but to your name give glory, for the sake of your steadfast love and
your faithfulness!
Psa 115:2 Why should the nations say, "Where is their God?"
Psa 115:3 Our God is in the heavens; he does all that he pleases.
Psa 115:4 Their idols are silver and gold, the work of human hands.
Psa 115:5 They have mouths, but do not speak; eyes, but do not see.
Psa 115:6 They have ears, but do not hear; noses, but do not smell.
Psa 115:7 They have hands, but do not feel; feet, but do not walk; and they do not make a sound in their throat.
Psa 115:8 Those who make them become like them; so do all who trust in them.
Psa 115:9 O Israel, trust in the LORD! He is their help and their shield.
Psa 115:10 O house of Aaron, trust in the LORD! He is their help and their shield.
Psa 115:11 You who fear the LORD, trust in the LORD! He is their help and their shield.
Psa 115:12 The LORD has remembered us; he will bless us; he will bless the house of Israel; he will bless the
house of Aaron;
Psa 115:13 he will bless those who fear the LORD, both the small and the great.
Psa 115:14 May the LORD give you increase, you and your children!
Psa 115:15 May you be blessed by the LORD, who made heaven and earth!
Psa 115:16 The heavens are the LORD's heavens, but the earth he has given to the children of man.
Psa 115:17 The dead do not praise the LORD, nor do any who go down into silence.
Psa 115:18 But we will bless the LORD from this time forth and forevermore. Praise the LORD!
Psa 116:1 I love the LORD, because he has heard my voice and my pleas for mercy.
Psa 116:2 Because he inclined his ear to me, therefore I will call on him as long as I live.
Psa 116:3 The snares of death encompassed me; the pangs of Sheol laid hold on me; I suffered distress and
anguish.
Psa 116:4 Then I called on the name of the LORD: "O LORD, I pray, deliver my soul!"
Psa 116:5 Gracious is the LORD, and righteous; our God is merciful.
Psa 116:6 The LORD preserves the simple; when I was brought low, he saved me.
Psa 116:7 Return, O my soul, to your rest; for the LORD has dealt bountifully with you.
Psa 116:8 For you have delivered my soul from death, my eyes from tears, my feet from stumbling;
Psa 116:9 I will walk before the LORD in the land of the living.
Psa 116:10 I believed, even when I spoke, "I am greatly afflicted";
Psa 116:11 I said in my alarm, "All mankind are liars."
Psa 116:12 What shall I render to the LORD for all his benefits to me?
Psa 116:13 I will lift up the cup of salvation and call on the name of the LORD,
Psa 116:14 I will pay my vows to the LORD in the presence of all his people.
Psa 116:15 Precious in the sight of the LORD is the death of his saints.
Psa 116:16 O LORD, I am your servant; I am your servant, the son of your maidservant. You have loosed my
bonds.
Psa 116:17 I will offer to you the sacrifice of thanksgiving and call on the name of the LORD.Psa 116:18 I will pay my vows to the LORD in the presence of all his people,
Psa 116:19 in the courts of the house of the LORD, in your midst, O Jerusalem. Praise the LORD!
Psa 117:1 Praise the LORD, all nations! Extol him, all peoples!
Psa 117:2 For great is his steadfast love toward us, and the faithfulness of the LORD endures forever. Praise
the LORD!
Psa 118:1 Oh give thanks to the LORD, for he is good; for his steadfast love endures forever!
Psa 118:2 Let Israel say, "His steadfast love endures forever."
Psa 118:3 Let the house of Aaron say, "His steadfast love endures forever."
Psa 118:4 Let those who fear the LORD say, "His steadfast love endures forever."
Psa 118:5 Out of my distress I called on the LORD; the LORD answered me and set me free.
Psa 118:6 The LORD is on my side; I will not fear. What can man do to me?
Psa 118:7 The LORD is on my side as my helper; I shall look in triumph on those who hate me.
Psa 118:8 It is better to take refuge in the LORD than to trust in man.
Psa 118:9 It is better to take refuge in the LORD than to trust in princes.
Psa 118:10 All nations surrounded me; in the name of the LORD I cut them off!
Psa 118:11 They surrounded me, surrounded me on every side; in the name of the LORD I cut them off!
Psa 118:12 They surrounded me like bees; they went out like a fire among thorns; in the name of the LORD I
cut them off!
Psa 118:13 I was pushed hard, so that I was falling, but the LORD helped me.
Psa 118:14 The LORD is my strength and my song; he has become my salvation.
Psa 118:15 Glad songs of salvation are in the tents of the righteous: "The right hand of the LORD does
valiantly,
Psa 118:16 the right hand of the LORD exalts, the right hand of the LORD does valiantly!"
Psa 118:17 I shall not die, but I shall live, and recount the deeds of the LORD.
Psa 118:18 The LORD has disciplined me severely, but he has not given me over to death.
Psa 118:19 Open to me the gates of righteousness, that I may enter through them and give thanks to the
LORD.
Psa 118:20 This is the gate of the LORD; the righteous shall enter through it.
Psa 118:21 I thank you that you have answered me and have become my salvation.
Psa 118:22 The stone that the builders rejected has become the cornerstone.
Psa 118:23 This is the LORD's doing; it is marvelous in our eyes.
Psa 118:24 This is the day that the LORD has made; let us rejoice and be glad in it.
Psa 118:25 Save us, we pray, O LORD! O LORD, we pray, give us success!
Psa 118:26 Blessed is he who comes in the name of the LORD! We bless you from the house of the LORD.
Psa 118:27 The LORD is God, and he has made his light to shine upon us. Bind the festal sacrifice with cords,
up to the horns of the altar!
Psa 118:28 You are my God, and I will give thanks to you; you are my God; I will extol you.
Psa 118:29 Oh give thanks to the LORD, for he is good; for his steadfast love endures forever!
Psa 119:1 Blessed are those whose way is blameless, who walk in the law of the LORD!
Psa 119:2 Blessed are those who keep his testimonies, who seek him with their whole heart,
Psa 119:3 who also do no wrong, but walk in his ways!
Psa 119:4 You have commanded your precepts to be kept diligently.
Psa 119:5 Oh that my ways may be steadfast in keeping your statutes!
Psa 119:6 Then I shall not be put to shame, having my eyes fixed on all your commandments.
Psa 119:7 I will praise you with an upright heart, when I learn your righteous rules.
Psa 119:8 I will keep your statutes; do not utterly forsake me!
Psa 119:9 How can a young man keep his way pure? By guarding it according to your word.
Psa 119:10 With my whole heart I seek you; let me not wander from your commandments!
Psa 119:11 I have stored up your word in my heart, that I might not sin against you.
Psa 119:12 Blessed are you, O LORD; teach me your statutes!
Psa 119:13 With my lips I declare all the rules of your mouth.
Psa 119:14 In the way of your testimonies I delight as much as in all riches.
Psa 119:15 I will meditate on your precepts and fix my eyes on your ways.
Psa 119:16 I will delight in your statutes; I will not forget your word.
Psa 119:17 Deal bountifully with your servant, that I may live and keep your word.
Psa 119:18 Open my eyes, that I may behold wondrous things out of your law.
Psa 119:19 I am a sojourner on the earth; hide not your commandments from me!
Psa 119:20 My soul is consumed with longing for your rules at all times.
Psa 119:21 You rebuke the insolent, accursed ones, who wander from your commandments.Psa 119:22 Take away from me scorn and contempt, for I have kept your testimonies.
Psa 119:23 Even though princes sit plotting against me, your servant will meditate on your statutes.
Psa 119:24 Your testimonies are my delight; they are my counselors.
Psa 119:25 My soul clings to the dust; give me life according to your word!
Psa 119:26 When I told of my ways, you answered me; teach me your statutes!
Psa 119:27 Make me understand the way of your precepts, and I will meditate on your wondrous works.
Psa 119:28 My soul melts away for sorrow; strengthen me according to your word!
Psa 119:29 Put false ways far from me and graciously teach me your law!
Psa 119:30 I have chosen the way of faithfulness; I set your rules before me.
Psa 119:31 I cling to your testimonies, O LORD; let me not be put to shame!
Psa 119:32 I will run in the way of your commandments when you enlarge my heart!
Psa 119:33 Teach me, O LORD, the way of your statutes; and I will keep it to the end.
Psa 119:34 Give me understanding, that I may keep your law and observe it with my whole heart.
Psa 119:35 Lead me in the path of your commandments, for I delight in it.
Psa 119:36 Incline my heart to your testimonies, and not to selfish gain!
Psa 119:37 Turn my eyes from looking at worthless things; and give me life in your ways.
Psa 119:38 Confirm to your servant your promise, that you may be feared.
Psa 119:39 Turn away the reproach that I dread, for your rules are good.
Psa 119:40 Behold, I long for your precepts; in your righteousness give me life!
Psa 119:41 Let your steadfast love come to me, O LORD, your salvation according to your promise;
Psa 119:42 then shall I have an answer for him who taunts me, for I trust in your word.
Psa 119:43 And take not the word of truth utterly out of my mouth, for my hope is in your rules.
Psa 119:44 I will keep your law continually, forever and ever,
Psa 119:45 and I shall walk in a wide place, for I have sought your precepts.
Psa 119:46 I will also speak of your testimonies before kings and shall not be put to shame,
Psa 119:47 for I find my delight in your commandments, which I love.
Psa 119:48 I will lift up my hands toward your commandments, which I love, and I will meditate on your statutes.
Psa 119:49 Remember your word to your servant, in which you have made me hope.
Psa 119:50 This is my comfort in my affliction, that your promise gives me life.
Psa 119:51 The insolent utterly deride me, but I do not turn away from your law.
Psa 119:52 When I think of your rules from of old, I take comfort, O LORD.
Psa 119:53 Hot indignation seizes me because of the wicked, who forsake your law.
Psa 119:54 Your statutes have been my songs in the house of my sojourning.
Psa 119:55 I remember your name in the night, O LORD, and keep your law.
Psa 119:56 This blessing has fallen to me, that I have kept your precepts.
Psa 119:57 The LORD is my portion; I promise to keep your words.
Psa 119:58 I entreat your favor with all my heart; be gracious to me according to your promise.
Psa 119:59 When I think on my ways, I turn my feet to your testimonies;
Psa 119:60 I hasten and do not delay to keep your commandments.
Psa 119:61 Though the cords of the wicked ensnare me, I do not forget your law.
Psa 119:62 At midnight I rise to praise you, because of your righteous rules.
Psa 119:63 I am a companion of all who fear you, of those who keep your precepts.
Psa 119:64 The earth, O LORD, is full of your steadfast love; teach me your statutes!
Psa 119:65 You have dealt well with your servant, O LORD, according to your word.
Psa 119:66 Teach me good judgment and knowledge, for I believe in your commandments.
Psa 119:67 Before I was afflicted I went astray, but now I keep your word.
Psa 119:68 You are good and do good; teach me your statutes.
Psa 119:69 The insolent smear me with lies, but with my whole heart I keep your precepts;
Psa 119:70 their heart is unfeeling like fat, but I delight in your law.
Psa 119:71 It is good for me that I was afflicted, that I might learn your statutes.
Psa 119:72 The law of your mouth is better to me than thousands of gold and silver pieces.
Psa 119:73 Your hands have made and fashioned me; give me understanding that I may learn your
commandments.
Psa 119:74 Those who fear you shall see me and rejoice, because I have hoped in your word.
Psa 119:75 I know, O LORD, that your rules are righteous, and that in faithfulness you have afflicted me.
Psa 119:76 Let your steadfast love comfort me according to your promise to your servant.
Psa 119:77 Let your mercy come to me, that I may live; for your law is my delight.
Psa 119:78 Let the insolent be put to shame, because they have wronged me with falsehood; as for me, I will
meditate on your precepts.Psa 119:79 Let those who fear you turn to me, that they may know your testimonies.
Psa 119:80 May my heart be blameless in your statutes, that I may not be put to shame!
Psa 119:81 My soul longs for your salvation; I hope in your word.
Psa 119:82 My eyes long for your promise; I ask, "When will you comfort me?"
Psa 119:83 For I have become like a wineskin in the smoke, yet I have not forgotten your statutes.
Psa 119:84 How long must your servant endure? When will you judge those who persecute me?
Psa 119:85 The insolent have dug pitfalls for me; they do not live according to your law.
Psa 119:86 All your commandments are sure; they persecute me with falsehood; help me!
Psa 119:87 They have almost made an end of me on earth, but I have not forsaken your precepts.
Psa 119:88 In your steadfast love give me life, that I may keep the testimonies of your mouth.
Psa 119:89 Forever, O LORD, your word is firmly fixed in the heavens.
Psa 119:90 Your faithfulness endures to all generations; you have established the earth, and it stands fast.
Psa 119:91 By your appointment they stand this day, for all things are your servants.
Psa 119:92 If your law had not been my delight, I would have perished in my affliction.
Psa 119:93 I will never forget your precepts, for by them you have given me life.
Psa 119:94 I am yours; save me, for I have sought your precepts.
Psa 119:95 The wicked lie in wait to destroy me, but I consider your testimonies.
Psa 119:96 I have seen a limit to all perfection, but your commandment is exceedingly broad.
Psa 119:97 Oh how I love your law! It is my meditation all the day.
Psa 119:98 Your commandment makes me wiser than my enemies, for it is ever with me.
Psa 119:99 I have more understanding than all my teachers, for your testimonies are my meditation.
Psa 119:100 I understand more than the aged, for I keep your precepts.
Psa 119:101 I hold back my feet from every evil way, in order to keep your word.
Psa 119:102 I do not turn aside from your rules, for you have taught me.
Psa 119:103 How sweet are your words to my taste, sweeter than honey to my mouth!
Psa 119:104 Through your precepts I get understanding; therefore I hate every false way.
Psa 119:105 Your word is a lamp to my feet and a light to my path.
Psa 119:106 I have sworn an oath and confirmed it, to keep your righteous rules.
Psa 119:107 I am severely afflicted; give me life, O LORD, according to your word!
Psa 119:108 Accept my freewill offerings of praise, O LORD, and teach me your rules.
Psa 119:109 I hold my life in my hand continually, but I do not forget your law.
Psa 119:110 The wicked have laid a snare for me, but I do not stray from your precepts.
Psa 119:111 Your testimonies are my heritage forever, for they are the joy of my heart.
Psa 119:112 I incline my heart to perform your statutes forever, to the end.
Psa 119:113 I hate the double-minded, but I love your law.
Psa 119:114 You are my hiding place and my shield; I hope in your word.
Psa 119:115 Depart from me, you evildoers, that I may keep the commandments of my God.
Psa 119:116 Uphold me according to your promise, that I may live, and let me not be put to shame in my hope!
Psa 119:117 Hold me up, that I may be safe and have regard for your statutes continually!
Psa 119:118 You spurn all who go astray from your statutes, for their cunning is in vain.
Psa 119:119 All the wicked of the earth you discard like dross, therefore I love your testimonies.
Psa 119:120 My flesh trembles for fear of you, and I am afraid of your judgments.
Psa 119:121 I have done what is just and right; do not leave me to my oppressors.
Psa 119:122 Give your servant a pledge of good; let not the insolent oppress me.
Psa 119:123 My eyes long for your salvation and for the fulfillment of your righteous promise.
Psa 119:124 Deal with your servant according to your steadfast love, and teach me your statutes.
Psa 119:125 I am your servant; give me understanding, that I may know your testimonies!
Psa 119:126 It is time for the LORD to act, for your law has been broken.
Psa 119:127 Therefore I love your commandments above gold, above fine gold.
Psa 119:128 Therefore I consider all your precepts to be right; I hate every false way.
Psa 119:129 Your testimonies are wonderful; therefore my soul keeps them.
Psa 119:130 The unfolding of your words gives light; it imparts understanding to the simple.
Psa 119:131 I open my mouth and pant, because I long for your commandments.
Psa 119:132 Turn to me and be gracious to me, as is your way with those who love your name.
Psa 119:133 Keep steady my steps according to your promise, and let no iniquity get dominion over me.
Psa 119:134 Redeem me from man's oppression, that I may keep your precepts.
Psa 119:135 Make your face shine upon your servant, and teach me your statutes.
Psa 119:136 My eyes shed streams of tears, because people do not keep your law.
Psa 119:137 Righteous are you, O LORD, and right are your rules.Psa 119:138 You have appointed your testimonies in righteousness and in all faithfulness.
Psa 119:139 My zeal consumes me, because my foes forget your words.
Psa 119:140 Your promise is well tried, and your servant loves it.
Psa 119:141 I am small and despised, yet I do not forget your precepts.
Psa 119:142 Your righteousness is righteous forever, and your law is true.
Psa 119:143 Trouble and anguish have found me out, but your commandments are my delight.
Psa 119:144 Your testimonies are righteous forever; give me understanding that I may live.
Psa 119:145 With my whole heart I cry; answer me, O LORD! I will keep your statutes.
Psa 119:146 I call to you; save me, that I may observe your testimonies.
Psa 119:147 I rise before dawn and cry for help; I hope in your words.
Psa 119:148 My eyes are awake before the watches of the night, that I may meditate on your promise.
Psa 119:149 Hear my voice according to your steadfast love; O LORD, according to your justice give me life.
Psa 119:150 They draw near who persecute me with evil purpose; they are far from your law.
Psa 119:151 But you are near, O LORD, and all your commandments are true.
Psa 119:152 Long have I known from your testimonies that you have founded them forever.
Psa 119:153 Look on my affliction and deliver me, for I do not forget your law.
Psa 119:154 Plead my cause and redeem me; give me life according to your promise!
Psa 119:155 Salvation is far from the wicked, for they do not seek your statutes.
Psa 119:156 Great is your mercy, O LORD; give me life according to your rules.
Psa 119:157 Many are my persecutors and my adversaries, but I do not swerve from your testimonies.
Psa 119:158 I look at the faithless with disgust, because they do not keep your commands.
Psa 119:159 Consider how I love your precepts! Give me life according to your steadfast love.
Psa 119:160 The sum of your word is truth, and every one of your righteous rules endures forever.
Psa 119:161 Princes persecute me without cause, but my heart stands in awe of your words.
Psa 119:162 I rejoice at your word like one who finds great spoil.
Psa 119:163 I hate and abhor falsehood, but I love your law.
Psa 119:164 Seven times a day I praise you for your righteous rules.
Psa 119:165 Great peace have those who love your law; nothing can make them stumble.
Psa 119:166 I hope for your salvation, O LORD, and I do your commandments.
Psa 119:167 My soul keeps your testimonies; I love them exceedingly.
Psa 119:168 I keep your precepts and testimonies, for all my ways are before you.
Psa 119:169 Let my cry come before you, O LORD; give me understanding according to your word!
Psa 119:170 Let my plea come before you; deliver me according to your word.
Psa 119:171 My lips will pour forth praise, for you teach me your statutes.
Psa 119:172 My tongue will sing of your word, for all your commandments are right.
Psa 119:173 Let your hand be ready to help me, for I have chosen your precepts.
Psa 119:174 I long for your salvation, O LORD, and your law is my delight.
Psa 119:175 Let my soul live and praise you, and let your rules help me.
Psa 119:176 I have gone astray like a lost sheep; seek your servant, for I do not forget your commandments.
Psa 120:1 A SONG OF ASCENTS.In my distress I called to the LORD, and he answered me.
Psa 120:2 Deliver me, O LORD, from lying lips, from a deceitful tongue.
Psa 120:3 What shall be given to you, and what more shall be done to you, you deceitful tongue?
Psa 120:4 A warrior's sharp arrows, with glowing coals of the broom tree!
Psa 120:5 Woe to me, that I sojourn in Meshech, that I dwell among the tents of Kedar!
Psa 120:6 Too long have I had my dwelling among those who hate peace.
Psa 120:7 I am for peace, but when I speak, they are for war!
Psa 121:1 A SONG OF ASCENTS.I lift up my eyes to the hills. From where does my help come?
Psa 121:2 My help comes from the LORD, who made heaven and earth.
Psa 121:3 He will not let your foot be moved; he who keeps you will not slumber.
Psa 121:4 Behold, he who keeps Israel will neither slumber nor sleep.
Psa 121:5 The LORD is your keeper; the LORD is your shade on your right hand.
Psa 121:6 The sun shall not strike you by day, nor the moon by night.
Psa 121:7 The LORD will keep you from all evil; he will keep your life.
Psa 121:8 The LORD will keep your going out and your coming in from this time forth and forevermore.
Psa 122:1 A SONG OF ASCENTS. OF DAVID.I was glad when they said to me, "Let us go to the house of the
LORD!"
Psa 122:2 Our feet have been standing within your gates, O Jerusalem!
Psa 122:3 Jerusalem- built as a city that is bound firmly together,
Psa 122:4 to which the tribes go up, the tribes of the LORD, as was decreed for Israel, to give thanks to thename of the LORD.
Psa 122:5 There thrones for judgment were set, the thrones of the house of David.
Psa 122:6 Pray for the peace of Jerusalem! "May they be secure who love you!
Psa 122:7 Peace be within your walls and security within your towers!"
Psa 122:8 For my brothers and companions' sake I will say, "Peace be within you!"
Psa 122:9 For the sake of the house of the LORD our God, I will seek your good.
Psa 123:1 A SONG OF ASCENTS.To you I lift up my eyes, O you who are enthroned in the heavens!
Psa 123:2 Behold, as the eyes of servants look to the hand of their master, as the eyes of a maidservant to the
hand of her mistress, so our eyes look to the LORD our God, till he has mercy upon us.
Psa 123:3 Have mercy upon us, O LORD, have mercy upon us, for we have had more than enough of
contempt.
Psa 123:4 Our soul has had more than enough of the scorn of those who are at ease, of the contempt of the
proud.
Psa 124:1 A SONG OF ASCENTS. OF DAVID. If it had not been the LORD who was on our side- let Israel now
sayPsa 124:2 if it had not been the LORD who was on our side when people rose up against us,
Psa 124:3 then they would have swallowed us up alive, when their anger was kindled against us;
Psa 124:4 then the flood would have swept us away, the torrent would have gone over us;
Psa 124:5 then over us would have gone the raging waters.
Psa 124:6 Blessed be the LORD, who has not given us as prey to their teeth!
Psa 124:7 We have escaped like a bird from the snare of the fowlers; the snare is broken, and we have
escaped!
Psa 124:8 Our help is in the name of the LORD, who made heaven and earth.
Psa 125:1 A SONG OF ASCENTS.Those who trust in the LORD are like Mount Zion, which cannot be moved,
but abides forever.
Psa 125:2 As the mountains surround Jerusalem, so the LORD surrounds his people, from this time forth and
forevermore.
Psa 125:3 For the scepter of wickedness shall not rest on the land allotted to the righteous, lest the righteous
stretch out their hands to do wrong.
Psa 125:4 Do good, O LORD, to those who are good, and to those who are upright in their hearts!
Psa 125:5 But those who turn aside to their crooked ways the LORD will lead away with evildoers! Peace be
upon Israel!
Psa 126:1 A SONG OF ASCENTS.When the LORD restored the fortunes of Zion, we were like those who
dream.
Psa 126:2 Then our mouth was filled with laughter, and our tongue with shouts of joy; then they said among the
nations, "The LORD has done great things for them."
Psa 126:3 The LORD has done great things for us; we are glad.
Psa 126:4 Restore our fortunes, O LORD, like streams in the Negeb!
Psa 126:5 Those who sow in tears shall reap with shouts of joy!
Psa 126:6 He who goes out weeping, bearing the seed for sowing, shall come home with shouts of joy, bringing
his sheaves with him.
Psa 127:1 A SONG OF ASCENTS. OF SOLOMON. Unless the LORD builds the house, those who build it labor
in vain. Unless the LORD watches over the city, the watchman stays awake in vain.
Psa 127:2 It is in vain that you rise up early and go late to rest, eating the bread of anxious toil; for he gives to
his beloved sleep.
Psa 127:3 Behold, children are a heritage from the LORD, the fruit of the womb a reward.
Psa 127:4 Like arrows in the hand of a warrior are the children of one's youth.
Psa 127:5 Blessed is the man who fills his quiver with them! He shall not be put to shame when he speaks with
his enemies in the gate.
Psa 128:1 A SONG OF ASCENTS. Blessed is everyone who fears the LORD, who walks in his ways!
Psa 128:2 You shall eat the fruit of the labor of your hands; you shall be blessed, and it shall be well with you.
Psa 128:3 Your wife will be like a fruitful vine within your house; your children will be like olive shoots around
your table.
Psa 128:4 Behold, thus shall the man be blessed who fears the LORD.
Psa 128:5 The LORD bless you from Zion! May you see the prosperity of Jerusalem all the days of your life!
Psa 128:6 May you see your children's children! Peace be upon Israel!
Psa 129:1 A SONG OF ASCENTS. "Greatly have they afflicted me from my youth"- let Israel now sayPsa 129:2 "Greatly have they afflicted me from my youth, yet they have not prevailed against me.
Psa 129:3 The plowers plowed upon my back; they made long their furrows."Psa 129:4 The LORD is righteous; he has cut the cords of the wicked.
Psa 129:5 May all who hate Zion be put to shame and turned backward!
Psa 129:6 Let them be like the grass on the housetops, which withers before it grows up,
Psa 129:7 with which the reaper does not fill his hand nor the binder of sheaves his arms,
Psa 129:8 nor do those who pass by say, "The blessing of the LORD be upon you! We bless you in the name of
the LORD!"
Psa 130:1 A SONG OF ASCENTS.Out of the depths I cry to you, O LORD!
Psa 130:2 O Lord, hear my voice! Let your ears be attentive to the voice of my pleas for mercy!
Psa 130:3 If you, O LORD, should mark iniquities, O Lord, who could stand?
Psa 130:4 But with you there is forgiveness, that you may be feared.
Psa 130:5 I wait for the LORD, my soul waits, and in his word I hope;
Psa 130:6 my soul waits for the Lord more than watchmen for the morning, more than watchmen for the
morning.
Psa 130:7 O Israel, hope in the LORD! For with the LORD there is steadfast love, and with him is plentiful
redemption.
Psa 130:8 And he will redeem Israel from all his iniquities.
Psa 131:1 A SONG OF ASCENTS. OF DAVID.O LORD, my heart is not lifted up; my eyes are not raised too
high; I do not occupy myself with things too great and too marvelous for me.
Psa 131:2 But I have calmed and quieted my soul, like a weaned child with its mother; like a weaned child is my
soul within me.
Psa 131:3 O Israel, hope in the LORD from this time forth and forevermore.
Psa 132:1 A SONG OF ASCENTS.Remember, O LORD, in David's favor, all the hardships he endured,
Psa 132:2 how he swore to the LORD and vowed to the Mighty One of Jacob,
Psa 132:3 "I will not enter my house or get into my bed,
Psa 132:4 I will not give sleep to my eyes or slumber to my eyelids,
Psa 132:5 until I find a place for the LORD, a dwelling place for the Mighty One of Jacob."
Psa 132:6 Behold, we heard of it in Ephrathah; we found it in the fields of Jaar.
Psa 132:7 "Let us go to his dwelling place; let us worship at his footstool!"
Psa 132:8 Arise, O LORD, and go to your resting place, you and the ark of your might.
Psa 132:9 Let your priests be clothed with righteousness, and let your saints shout for joy.
Psa 132:10 For the sake of your servant David, do not turn away the face of your anointed one.
Psa 132:11 The LORD swore to David a sure oath from which he will not turn back: "One of the sons of your
body I will set on your throne.
Psa 132:12 If your sons keep my covenant and my testimonies that I shall teach them, their sons also forever
shall sit on your throne."
Psa 132:13 For the LORD has chosen Zion; he has desired it for his dwelling place:
Psa 132:14 "This is my resting place forever; here I will dwell, for I have desired it.
Psa 132:15 I will abundantly bless her provisions; I will satisfy her poor with bread.
Psa 132:16 Her priests I will clothe with salvation, and her saints will shout for joy.
Psa 132:17 There I will make a horn to sprout for David; I have prepared a lamp for my anointed.
Psa 132:18 His enemies I will clothe with shame, but on him his crown will shine."
Psa 133:1 A SONG OF ASCENTS. OF DAVID.Behold, how good and pleasant it is when brothers dwell in unity!
Psa 133:2 It is like the precious oil on the head, running down on the beard, on the beard of Aaron, running
down on the collar of his robes!
Psa 133:3 It is like the dew of Hermon, which falls on the mountains of Zion! For there the LORD has
commanded the blessing, life forevermore.
Psa 134:1 A SONG OF ASCENTS.Come, bless the LORD, all you servants of the LORD, who stand by night in
the house of the LORD!
Psa 134:2 Lift up your hands to the holy place and bless the LORD!
Psa 134:3 May the LORD bless you from Zion, he who made heaven and earth!
Psa 135:1 Praise the LORD!Praise the name of the LORD, give praise, O servants of the LORD,
Psa 135:2 who stand in the house of the LORD, in the courts of the house of our God!
Psa 135:3 Praise the LORD, for the LORD is good; sing to his name, for it is pleasant!
Psa 135:4 For the LORD has chosen Jacob for himself, Israel as his own possession.
Psa 135:5 For I know that the LORD is great, and that our Lord is above all gods.
Psa 135:6 Whatever the LORD pleases, he does, in heaven and on earth, in the seas and all deeps.
Psa 135:7 He it is who makes the clouds rise at the end of the earth, who makes lightnings for the rain and
brings forth the wind from his storehouses.
Psa 135:8 He it was who struck down the firstborn of Egypt, both of man and of beast;Psa 135:9 who in your midst, O Egypt, sent signs and wonders against Pharaoh and all his servants;
Psa 135:10 who struck down many nations and killed mighty kings,
Psa 135:11 Sihon, king of the Amorites, and Og, king of Bashan, and all the kingdoms of Canaan,
Psa 135:12 and gave their land as a heritage, a heritage to his people Israel.
Psa 135:13 Your name, O LORD, endures forever, your renown, O LORD, throughout all ages.
Psa 135:14 For the LORD will vindicate his people and have compassion on his servants.
Psa 135:15 The idols of the nations are silver and gold, the work of human hands.
Psa 135:16 They have mouths, but do not speak; they have eyes, but do not see;
Psa 135:17 they have ears, but do not hear, nor is there any breath in their mouths.
Psa 135:18 Those who make them become like them, so do all who trust in them!
Psa 135:19 O house of Israel, bless the LORD! O house of Aaron, bless the LORD!
Psa 135:20 O house of Levi, bless the LORD! You who fear the LORD, bless the LORD!
Psa 135:21 Blessed be the LORD from Zion, he who dwells in Jerusalem! Praise the LORD!
Psa 136:1 Give thanks to the LORD, for he is good, for his steadfast love endures forever.
Psa 136:2 Give thanks to the God of gods, for his steadfast love endures forever.
Psa 136:3 Give thanks to the Lord of lords, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:4 to him who alone does great wonders, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:5 to him who by understanding made the heavens, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:6 to him who spread out the earth above the waters, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:7 to him who made the great lights, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:8 the sun to rule over the day, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:9 the moon and stars to rule over the night, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:10 to him who struck down the firstborn of Egypt, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:11 and brought Israel out from among them, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:12 with a strong hand and an outstretched arm, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:13 to him who divided the Red Sea in two, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:14 and made Israel pass through the midst of it, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:15 but overthrew Pharaoh and his host in the Red Sea, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:16 to him who led his people through the wilderness, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:17 to him who struck down great kings, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:18 and killed mighty kings, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:19 Sihon, king of the Amorites, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:20 and Og, king of Bashan, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:21 and gave their land as a heritage, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:22 a heritage to Israel his servant, for his steadfast love endures forever.
Psa 136:23 It is he who remembered us in our low estate, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:24 and rescued us from our foes, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:25 he who gives food to all flesh, for his steadfast love endures forever.
Psa 136:26 Give thanks to the God of heaven, for his steadfast love endures forever.
Psa 137:1 By the waters of Babylon,there we sat down and wept, when we remembered Zion.
Psa 137:2 On the willows there we hung up our lyres.
Psa 137:3 For there our captors required of us songs, and our tormentors, mirth, saying, "Sing us one of the
songs of Zion!"
Psa 137:4 How shall we sing the LORD's song in a foreign land?
Psa 137:5 If I forget you, O Jerusalem, let my right hand forget its skill!
Psa 137:6 Let my tongue stick to the roof of my mouth, if I do not remember you, if I do not set Jerusalem above
my highest joy!
Psa 137:7 Remember, O LORD, against the Edomites the day of Jerusalem, how they said, "Lay it bare, lay it
bare, down to its foundations!"
Psa 137:8 O daughter of Babylon, doomed to be destroyed, blessed shall he be who repays you with what you
have done to us!
Psa 137:9 Blessed shall he be who takes your little ones and dashes them against the rock!
Psa 138:1 OF DAVID. I give you thanks, O LORD, with my whole heart; before the gods I sing your praise;
Psa 138:2 I bow down toward your holy temple and give thanks to your name for your steadfast love and your
faithfulness, for you have exalted above all things your name and your word.
Psa 138:3 On the day I called, you answered me; my strength of soul you increased.
Psa 138:4 All the kings of the earth shall give you thanks, O LORD, for they have heard the words of your
mouth,
Psa 138:5 and they shall sing of the ways of the LORD, for great is the glory of the LORD.Psa 138:6 For though the LORD is high, he regards the lowly, but the haughty he knows from afar.
Psa 138:7 Though I walk in the midst of trouble, you preserve my life; you stretch out your hand against the
wrath of my enemies, and your right hand delivers me.
Psa 138:8 The LORD will fulfill his purpose for me; your steadfast love, O LORD, endures forever. Do not
forsake the work of your hands.
Psa 139:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. A PSALM OF DAVID. O LORD, you have searched me and known me!
Psa 139:2 You know when I sit down and when I rise up; you discern my thoughts from afar.
Psa 139:3 You search out my path and my lying down and are acquainted with all my ways.
Psa 139:4 Even before a word is on my tongue, behold, O LORD, you know it altogether.
Psa 139:5 You hem me in, behind and before, and lay your hand upon me.
Psa 139:6 Such knowledge is too wonderful for me; it is high; I cannot attain it.
Psa 139:7 Where shall I go from your Spirit? Or where shall I flee from your presence?
Psa 139:8 If I ascend to heaven, you are there! If I make my bed in Sheol, you are there!
Psa 139:9 If I take the wings of the morning and dwell in the uttermost parts of the sea,
Psa 139:10 even there your hand shall lead me, and your right hand shall hold me.
Psa 139:11 If I say, "Surely the darkness shall cover me, and the light about me be night,"
Psa 139:12 even the darkness is not dark to you; the night is bright as the day, for darkness is as light with you.
Psa 139:13 For you formed my inward parts; you knitted me together in my mother's womb.
Psa 139:14 I praise you, for I am fearfully and wonderfully made. Wonderful are your works; my soul knows it
very well.
Psa 139:15 My frame was not hidden from you, when I was being made in secret, intricately woven in the
depths of the earth.
Psa 139:16 Your eyes saw my unformed substance; in your book were written, every one of them, the days that
were formed for me, when as yet there were none of them.
Psa 139:17 How precious to me are your thoughts, O God! How vast is the sum of them!
Psa 139:18 If I would count them, they are more than the sand. I awake, and I am still with you.
Psa 139:19 Oh that you would slay the wicked, O God! O men of blood, depart from me!
Psa 139:20 They speak against you with malicious intent; your enemies take your name in vain!
Psa 139:21 Do I not hate those who hate you, O LORD? And do I not loathe those who rise up against you?
Psa 139:22 I hate them with complete hatred; I count them my enemies.
Psa 139:23 Search me, O God, and know my heart! Try me and know my thoughts!
Psa 139:24 And see if there be any grievous way in me, and lead me in the way everlasting!
Psa 140:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. A PSALM OF DAVID. Deliver me, O LORD, from evil men; preserve me
from violent men,
Psa 140:2 who plan evil things in their heart and stir up wars continually.
Psa 140:3 They make their tongue sharp as a serpent's, and under their lips is the venom of asps. Selah
Psa 140:4 Guard me, O LORD, from the hands of the wicked; preserve me from violent men, who have planned
to trip up my feet.
Psa 140:5 The arrogant have hidden a trap for me, and with cords they have spread a net; beside the way they
have set snares for me. Selah
Psa 140:6 I say to the LORD, You are my God; give ear to the voice of my pleas for mercy, O LORD!
Psa 140:7 O LORD, my Lord, the strength of my salvation, you have covered my head in the day of battle.
Psa 140:8 Grant not, O LORD, the desires of the wicked; do not further their evil plot or they will be exalted!
Selah
Psa 140:9 As for the head of those who surround me, let the mischief of their lips overwhelm them!
Psa 140:10 Let burning coals fall upon them! Let them be cast into fire, into miry pits, no more to rise!
Psa 140:11 Let not the slanderer be established in the land; let evil hunt down the violent man speedily!
Psa 140:12 I know that the LORD will maintain the cause of the afflicted, and will execute justice for the needy.
Psa 140:13 Surely the righteous shall give thanks to your name; the upright shall dwell in your presence.
Psa 141:1 A PSALM OF DAVID.O LORD, I call upon you; hasten to me! Give ear to my voice when I call to you!
Psa 141:2 Let my prayer be counted as incense before you, and the lifting up of my hands as the evening
sacrifice!
Psa 141:3 Set a guard, O LORD, over my mouth; keep watch over the door of my lips!
Psa 141:4 Do not let my heart incline to any evil, to busy myself with wicked deeds in company with men who
work iniquity, and let me not eat of their delicacies!
Psa 141:5 Let a righteous man strike me- it is a kindness; let him rebuke me- it is oil for my head; let my head
not refuse it. Yet my prayer is continually against their evil deeds.
Psa 141:6 When their judges are thrown over the cliff, then they shall hear my words, for they are pleasant.
Psa 141:7 As when one plows and breaks up the earth, so shall our bones be scattered at the mouth of Sheol.Psa 141:8 But my eyes are toward you, O GOD, my Lord; in you I seek refuge; leave me not defenseless!
Psa 141:9 Keep me from the trap that they have laid for me and from the snares of evildoers!
Psa 141:10 Let the wicked fall into their own nets, while I pass by safely.
Psa 142:1 A MASKIL OF DAVID, WHEN HE WAS IN THE CAVE. A PRAYER. With my voice I cry out to the
LORD; with my voice I plead for mercy to the LORD.
Psa 142:2 I pour out my complaint before him; I tell my trouble before him.
Psa 142:3 When my spirit faints within me, you know my way! In the path where I walk they have hidden a trap
for me.
Psa 142:4 Look to the right and see: there is none who takes notice of me; no refuge remains to me; no one
cares for my soul.
Psa 142:5 I cry to you, O LORD; I say, "You are my refuge, my portion in the land of the living."
Psa 142:6 Attend to my cry, for I am brought very low! Deliver me from my persecutors, for they are too strong
for me!
Psa 142:7 Bring me out of prison, that I may give thanks to your name! The righteous will surround me, for you
will deal bountifully with me.
Psa 143:1 A PSALM OF DAVID.Hear my prayer, O LORD; give ear to my pleas for mercy! In your faithfulness
answer me, in your righteousness!
Psa 143:2 Enter not into judgment with your servant, for no one living is righteous before you.
Psa 143:3 For the enemy has pursued my soul; he has crushed my life to the ground; he has made me sit in
darkness like those long dead.
Psa 143:4 Therefore my spirit faints within me; my heart within me is appalled.
Psa 143:5 I remember the days of old; I meditate on all that you have done; I ponder the work of your hands.
Psa 143:6 I stretch out my hands to you; my soul thirsts for you like a parched land. Selah
Psa 143:7 Answer me quickly, O LORD! My spirit fails! Hide not your face from me, lest I be like those who go
down to the pit.
Psa 143:8 Let me hear in the morning of your steadfast love, for in you I trust. Make me know the way I should
go, for to you I lift up my soul.
Psa 143:9 Deliver me from my enemies, O LORD! I have fled to you for refuge!
Psa 143:10 Teach me to do your will, for you are my God! Let your good Spirit lead me on level ground!
Psa 143:11 For your name's sake, O LORD, preserve my life! In your righteousness bring my soul out of
trouble!
Psa 143:12 And in your steadfast love you will cut off my enemies, and you will destroy all the adversaries of my
soul, for I am your servant.
Psa 144:1 OF DAVID.Blessed be the LORD, my rock, who trains my hands for war, and my fingers for battle;
Psa 144:2 he is my steadfast love and my fortress, my stronghold and my deliverer, my shield and he in whom I
take refuge, who subdues peoples under me.
Psa 144:3 O LORD, what is man that you regard him, or the son of man that you think of him?
Psa 144:4 Man is like a breath; his days are like a passing shadow.
Psa 144:5 Bow your heavens, O LORD, and come down! Touch the mountains so that they smoke!
Psa 144:6 Flash forth the lightning and scatter them; send out your arrows and rout them!
Psa 144:7 Stretch out your hand from on high; rescue me and deliver me from the many waters, from the hand
of foreigners,
Psa 144:8 whose mouths speak lies and whose right hand is a right hand of falsehood.
Psa 144:9 I will sing a new song to you, O God; upon a ten-stringed harp I will play to you,
Psa 144:10 who gives victory to kings, who rescues David his servant from the cruel sword.
Psa 144:11 Rescue me and deliver me from the hand of foreigners, whose mouths speak lies and whose right
hand is a right hand of falsehood.
Psa 144:12 May our sons in their youth be like plants full grown, our daughters like corner pillars cut for the
structure of a palace;
Psa 144:13 may our granaries be full, providing all kinds of produce; may our sheep bring forth thousands and
ten thousands in our fields;
Psa 144:14 may our cattle be heavy with young, suffering no mishap or failure in bearing; may there be no cry
of distress in our streets!
Psa 144:15 Blessed are the people to whom such blessings fall! Blessed are the people whose God is the
LORD!
Psa 145:1 A SONG OF PRAISE. OF DAVID. I will extol you, my God and King, and bless your name forever
and ever.
Psa 145:2 Every day I will bless you and praise your name forever and ever.
Psa 145:3 Great is the LORD, and greatly to be praised, and his greatness is unsearchable.Psa 145:4 One generation shall commend your works to another, and shall declare your mighty acts.
Psa 145:5 On the glorious splendor of your majesty, and on your wondrous works, I will meditate.
Psa 145:6 They shall speak of the might of your awesome deeds, and I will declare your greatness.
Psa 145:7 They shall pour forth the fame of your abundant goodness and shall sing aloud of your
righteousness.
Psa 145:8 The LORD is gracious and merciful, slow to anger and abounding in steadfast love.
Psa 145:9 The LORD is good to all, and his mercy is over all that he has made.
Psa 145:10 All your works shall give thanks to you, O LORD, and all your saints shall bless you!
Psa 145:11 They shall speak of the glory of your kingdom and tell of your power,
Psa 145:12 to make known to the children of man your mighty deeds, and the glorious splendor of your
kingdom.
Psa 145:13 Your kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and your dominion endures throughout all generations.
[The LORD is faithful in all his words and kind in all his works.]
Psa 145:14 The LORD upholds all who are falling and raises up all who are bowed down.
Psa 145:15 The eyes of all look to you, and you give them their food in due season.
Psa 145:16 You open your hand; you satisfy the desire of every living thing.
Psa 145:17 The LORD is righteous in all his ways and kind in all his works.
Psa 145:18 The LORD is near to all who call on him, to all who call on him in truth.
Psa 145:19 He fulfills the desire of those who fear him; he also hears their cry and saves them.
Psa 145:20 The LORD preserves all who love him, but all the wicked he will destroy.
Psa 145:21 My mouth will speak the praise of the LORD, and let all flesh bless his holy name forever and ever.
Psa 146:1 Praise the LORD!Praise the LORD, O my soul!
Psa 146:2 I will praise the LORD as long as I live; I will sing praises to my God while I have my being.
Psa 146:3 Put not your trust in princes, in a son of man, in whom there is no salvation.
Psa 146:4 When his breath departs he returns to the earth; on that very day his plans perish.
Psa 146:5 Blessed is he whose help is the God of Jacob, whose hope is in the LORD his God,
Psa 146:6 who made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that is in them, who keeps faith forever;
Psa 146:7 who executes justice for the oppressed, who gives food to the hungry. The LORD sets the prisoners
free;
Psa 146:8 the LORD opens the eyes of the blind. The LORD lifts up those who are bowed down; the LORD
loves the righteous.
Psa 146:9 The LORD watches over the sojourners; he upholds the widow and the fatherless, but the way of the
wicked he brings to ruin.
Psa 146:10 The LORD will reign forever, your God, O Zion, to all generations. Praise the LORD!
Psa 147:1 Praise the LORD!For it is good to sing praises to our God; for it is pleasant, and a song of praise is
fitting.
Psa 147:2 The LORD builds up Jerusalem; he gathers the outcasts of Israel.
Psa 147:3 He heals the brokenhearted and binds up their wounds.
Psa 147:4 He determines the number of the stars; he gives to all of them their names.
Psa 147:5 Great is our Lord, and abundant in power; his understanding is beyond measure.
Psa 147:6 The LORD lifts up the humble; he casts the wicked to the ground.
Psa 147:7 Sing to the LORD with thanksgiving; make melody to our God on the lyre!
Psa 147:8 He covers the heavens with clouds; he prepares rain for the earth; he makes grass grow on the hills.
Psa 147:9 He gives to the beasts their food, and to the young ravens that cry.
Psa 147:10 His delight is not in the strength of the horse, nor his pleasure in the legs of a man,
Psa 147:11 but the LORD takes pleasure in those who fear him, in those who hope in his steadfast love.
Psa 147:12 Praise the LORD, O Jerusalem! Praise your God, O Zion!
Psa 147:13 For he strengthens the bars of your gates; he blesses your children within you.
Psa 147:14 He makes peace in your borders; he fills you with the finest of the wheat.
Psa 147:15 He sends out his command to the earth; his word runs swiftly.
Psa 147:16 He gives snow like wool; he scatters hoarfrost like ashes.
Psa 147:17 He hurls down his crystals of ice like crumbs; who can stand before his cold?
Psa 147:18 He sends out his word, and melts them; he makes his wind blow and the waters flow.
Psa 147:19 He declares his word to Jacob, his statutes and rules to Israel.
Psa 147:20 He has not dealt thus with any other nation; they do not know his rules. Praise the LORD!
Psa 148:1 Praise the LORD!Praise the LORD from the heavens; praise him in the heights!
Psa 148:2 Praise him, all his angels; praise him, all his hosts!
Psa 148:3 Praise him, sun and moon, praise him, all you shining stars!
Psa 148:4 Praise him, you highest heavens, and you waters above the heavens!Psa 148:5 Let them praise the name of the LORD! For he commanded and they were created.
Psa 148:6 And he established them forever and ever; he gave a decree, and it shall not pass away.
Psa 148:7 Praise the LORD from the earth, you great sea creatures and all deeps,
Psa 148:8 fire and hail, snow and mist, stormy wind fulfilling his word!
Psa 148:9 Mountains and all hills, fruit trees and all cedars!
Psa 148:10 Beasts and all livestock, creeping things and flying birds!
Psa 148:11 Kings of the earth and all peoples, princes and all rulers of the earth!
Psa 148:12 Young men and maidens together, old men and children!
Psa 148:13 Let them praise the name of the LORD, for his name alone is exalted; his majesty is above earth
and heaven.
Psa 148:14 He has raised up a horn for his people, praise for all his saints, for the people of Israel who are near
to him. Praise the LORD!
Psa 149:1 Praise the LORD!Sing to the LORD a new song, his praise in the assembly of the godly!
Psa 149:2 Let Israel be glad in his Maker; let the children of Zion rejoice in their King!
Psa 149:3 Let them praise his name with dancing, making melody to him with tambourine and lyre!
Psa 149:4 For the LORD takes pleasure in his people; he adorns the humble with salvation.
Psa 149:5 Let the godly exult in glory; let them sing for joy on their beds.
Psa 149:6 Let the high praises of God be in their throats and two-edged swords in their hands,
Psa 149:7 to execute vengeance on the nations and punishments on the peoples,
Psa 149:8 to bind their kings with chains and their nobles with fetters of iron,
Psa 149:9 to execute on them the judgment written! This is honor for all his godly ones. Praise the LORD!
Psa 150:1 Praise the LORD!Praise God in his sanctuary; praise him in his mighty heavens!
Psa 150:2 Praise him for his mighty deeds; praise him according to his excellent greatness!
Psa 150:3 Praise him with trumpet sound; praise him with lute and harp!
Psa 150:4 Praise him with tambourine and dance; praise him with strings and pipe!
Psa 150:5 Praise him with sounding cymbals; praise him with loud clashing cymbals!
Psa 150:6 Let everything that has breath praise the LORD! Praise the LORD!